<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061129_10-K_edgar_data_67887_0000950152-06-009715_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>774822</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>203831</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9163</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>342995</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>63</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950152-06-009715.hdr.sgml : 20061129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061129102633
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-06-009715
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061129

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MOOG INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000067887
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3590]
		IRS NUMBER:				160757636
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05129
		FILM NUMBER:		061243903

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PLANT 24
		CITY:			EAST AURORA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14052-0018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7166522000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PLANT 24
		CITY:			EAST AURORA
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			14052

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 KqrTcn+LqtyPv53A7IQiwgXauLSN6OVPMAVsMPaF/HKlexy42aN+QF0wR0wuUyZk
 6Rnd7KmEFZsoPwK+7LF3Uw==

 0000950152-06-009715.txt : 20061129

10-K
 1
 l23134ae10vk.htm
 MOOG, INC.     10-K

MOOG, INC.     10-K 

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

(Mark One)

For the fiscal year ended   September 30, 2006  

OR 

For the transition period from                        to                        Commission file number   1-5129  

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  (716) 652-2000 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class

Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Class A Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value

New York Stock Exchange 

Class B Common Stock, $1.00 Par Value

New York Stock Exchange 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:      None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. Yes    
 No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes    
 No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.                       

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of  accelerated filer and large accelerated filer  in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer          Accelerated filer          Non-accelerated filer    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
of the Act). Yes     No    

The aggregate market value of the common stock outstanding and held by non-affiliates (as defined
in Rule 405 under the Securities Act of 1933) of the registrant, based upon the closing sale price
of the common stock on the New York Stock Exchange on April 1, 2006, the last business day of the
registrant s most recently completed second quarter, was approximately $1,278 million.

The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of the close of business on November 24,
2006 was:  Class A 38,109,621; Class B 4,199,977.

Portions of the 2006 Proxy Statement to Shareholders ( 2006 Proxy ) are incorporated by reference
into Part III of this Form 10-K.

FORM 10-K INDEX 

PAGE  

PART I  

Item 1  Business 

33-37 

Item 1A  Risk Factors 

38-42 

Item 1B  Unresolved Staff Comments 

42 

Item 2  Properties 

43 

Item 3  Legal Proceedings 

43 

Item 4  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 

43 

PART II  

Item 5  Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters
and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

44 

Item 6  Selected Financial Data 

45 

Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations 

46-60 

Item 7A  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

60 

Item 8  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

61-90 

Item 9  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
Financial Disclosure 

91 

Item 9A  Controls and Procedures 

91 

Item 9B  Other Information 

91 

PART III  

Item 10  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

91 

Item 11  Executive Compensation 

91 

Item 12  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Stockholder Matters 

91 

Item 13  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

91 

Item 14  Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

91 

PART IV  

Item 15  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

92-97 

EX-23    
     EX-31.1    
     EX-31.2    
     EX-32.1    

Cautionary Statement 

Information included or incorporated by reference herein that does not consist of historical facts,
including statements accompanied by or containing words such as  may,   will,   should, 
 believes,   expects,   expected,   intends,   plans,   projects,   estimates,   predicts, 
 potential,   outlook,   forecast,   anticipates,   presume  and  assume,  are forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to several factors, risks and uncertainties, the impact or occurrence
of which could cause actual results to differ materially from the expected results described in the
forward-looking statements. Certain of these factors, risks and uncertainties are discussed in the
sections of this report entitled  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

32 

Table of Contents   

PART I 

The Registrant, Moog Inc., a New York corporation formed in 1951, is referred to in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K as  Moog  or in the nominative  we  or the possessive  our. 

Unless otherwise noted or the context otherwise requires, all references to years in this report
are to fiscal years.

Item 1. Business. 

Description of the Business.  Moog is a leading worldwide designer and manufacturer of high
performance, precision motion and fluid controls and control systems for a broad range of
applications in aerospace, defense, industrial and medical device markets. We have five operating
segments: Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls, Industrial Controls, Components and
Medical Devices.

Comparative segment revenues, operating profits and related financial information for 2006, 2005
and 2004 are provided in Note 15 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, on pages
83 through 86 of this report.

Aircraft Controls.  Our largest segment is Aircraft Controls. This segment generates revenues from
three major markets: military aircraft, commercial aircraft and aftermarket support. Moog
differentiates itself in these markets by offering a complete range of technologies, system
integration capabilities and superior customer service.

We design, manufacture and integrate primary and secondary flight controls for military and
commercial aircraft and provide aftermarket support. Our systems control large commercial
transports, supersonic fighters, multi-role military aircraft, business jets and rotorcraft. Sales
volume and margins in these markets are influenced by major factors that include whether the
programs we are working on are in development or the number of new aircraft being built in
production.

Typically, development programs require concentrated periods of research and development by our
engineering teams and involve design, development, testing and integration. Production programs are
generally long-term manufacturing efforts that extend for as long as the aircraft builder receives
new orders. Margins are better on production programs because more consistent shipment rates create
efficiencies. Revenues on production programs usually exhibit predictable trends driven by the
demand for new aircraft. We are currently working on several large development programs including
the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, Indian Light Combat Aircraft, Boeing 787 Dreamliner, Airbus A400M
and the X-47 unmanned aerial vehicle. Our large military production programs include the F/A-18E/F
Super Hornet, F-15 Eagle and the V-22 Osprey. Our large commercial production programs include the
full line of Boeing 7-series aircraft. Aftermarket support is the result of our original equipment
heritage. With our equipment flying on active aircraft around the world, we support the major
commercial airlines globally, various U.S. government agencies and many of the U.S. s overseas
allies. This part of our business is partially affected by hours flown for commercial transports
and by hours flown and environmental factors for military aircraft. However, the largest factors in
our aftermarket business are our ability to respond to customers  needs for rapid turnaround times
and their desire for factory warranted parts and repairs.

Aircraft Controls customers include Airbus, BAE, Boeing, Bombardier, Honeywell and Lockheed Martin.

Space and Defense Controls.  Space and Defense Controls has several important markets that generate
segment revenues such as satellites and space vehicles, launch vehicles, strategic missiles,
missile defense, tactical missiles and defense controls. We differentiate ourselves in these
markets by having unique competence in the most difficult applications, complex motion and fluid
control systems technology, innovative design and comprehensive project management capabilities.

For the commercial and military satellite markets, we design, manufacture and integrate chemical
and electric propulsion systems and space flight motion controls. Launch vehicles and missiles use
our steering and propulsion controls, and the Space Station uses our couplings, valves and
actuators. We design and build steering and propulsion controls for tactical and strategic missile
programs. We supply valves on the final stage kill vehicle used in the U.S. National Missile
Defense development initiative. We design and manufacture control systems for gun positioning and
to automatically load ammunition on military combat vehicles.

Commercial satellites and launcher markets are influenced by the telecommunications companies 
needs for capacity and the age and condition of their existing satellites. Orders for military
satellites and launchers depend on the need for bandwidth. Tactical and strategic missile
production depends on customer inventory
levels. NASA s various space programs and new exploration initiatives depend on relevant funding
from NASA. Defense controls revenues are driven mostly by U.S. and European military spending
priorities.

Customers include Alliant Techsystems, Lockheed Martin, Astrium, Raytheon and Boeing.

33 

Table of Contents   

Industrial Controls.  Industrial Controls is a diverse segment, serving customers around the world
and in many markets. Six major markets, plastics making machinery, power generating turbines, metal
forming, heavy industry, test and simulation, generate nearly two-thirds of total sales in this
segment. We differentiate ourselves in industrial markets by providing performance-based,
customized products and systems, process expertise, best-in-class products in every leading
technology and superior aftermarket support. As a result of the acquisition of FCS Control Systems
in 2005, we have enhanced our position in the simulators and automotive test markets.

For the plastics making machinery market, we design, manufacture and integrate systems for all axes
of injection and blow molding machines using leading edge technology, both hydraulic and electric.
In the power generation turbine market, we design, manufacture and integrate complete control
assemblies for fuel, steam and variable geometry control applications that include wind turbines.
Metal forming markets use our designed and manufactured systems that provide precise control of
position, velocity, force, pressure, acceleration and other critical parameters. Heavy industry
uses our high precision electrical and hydraulic servovalves for steel and aluminum mill equipment.
For the test markets, we supply controls for automotive, structural and fatigue testing. Our
hydraulic and electromechanical motion simulation bases are used for the flight simulation and
training markets. Other markets include material handling, auto racing, carpet tufting, paper mills
and lumber mills.

The factors that influence the industrial markets are as varied as the markets themselves. Capital
investment, product innovation, economic growth, cost-reduction efforts, technology upgrades and
the need in developing countries for manufacturing capacity and power generation are among the most
important drivers in this segment. Catalysts for growth include automotive manufacturers that are
upgrading their metal forming, injection molding and material test capabilities, steel
manufacturers that are seeking to reduce energy costs and injection molding machine manufacturers
that need exquisite precision in the production of CDs and DVDs.

Customers include FlightSafety, Tuftco, Huskey, Cooper and Schlumberger.

Components.  Components shares many of the same markets, including military and commercial
aerospace, defense controls and industrial and medical applications, that drive sales in our other
segments. As a result of the acquisition of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon
Corporation in 2005, we entered into the market for highly specialized marine applications.

This segment s three largest product categories are slip rings, fiber optic rotary joints and
motors. Slip rings and fiber optic rotary joints use sliding contacts and optical technology to
allow unimpeded rotation while delivering power and data across a rotating interface. They come in
a range of sizes that allow them to be used in many applications that include diagnostic imaging,
particularly CT scan medical equipment featuring high-speed data communications, de-icing and data
transfer for rotorcraft, forward-looking infrared camera installations, radar pedestals, material
handling, surveillance cameras, packaging and robotics.

Motors designed and manufactured by Components are also used in a wide variety of markets, many of
which are the same as for slip rings. For the medical pump and blower market, and particularly
sleep apnea equipment, Components designs and manufactures a series of miniature brushless motors
that provide extremely low noise and reliable long life operation. Industrial markets use our
motors for material handling, fuel cells and electric pumps. Military applications use our motors
for gimbals, missiles and radar pedestals.

Components has several other product lines including electromechanical actuators for military,
aerospace and commercial applications, fiber optic modems that provide electrical-to-optical
conversion of communication and data signals, avionic instrumentation, optical switches and
resolvers.

Continuous demand for product innovation in the medical equipment, homeland security, aircraft
protection, underwater installations, navigation systems and industrial machinery markets influence
Components. Recent product innovation has resulted in lighter and smaller motors and increases in
fiber optic bandwidth for CT scans. Other opportunities for growth will come from this segment s
penetration of international markets as it increasingly collaborates with our international sales
engineers in the European and Pacific regions.

Customers include Respironics, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, Honeywell, Litton Precision Products and
the U.S. Government.

34 

Table of Contents   

Medical Devices.  Medical Devices is our newest segment, formed as a result of the acquisitions of
Curlin Medical and McKinley Medical in 2006. This segment operates within the overall healthcare
market, which is experiencing significant growth. Moog is beginning to differentiate itself in this
market by advancing technology used in infusion therapy and establishing key relationships with
distribution and manufacturing companies.

Our primary products are electronic ambulatory infusion pumps along with the necessary
administration sets and disposable infusion pumps. Applications of these products include
controlled delivery of fluids to the body, nutrition, post-operative pain management, regional
anesthesia, chemotherapy and antibiotics.

The medical devices market is influenced by the aging of technology, technical problems and
competitor product recalls, all of which have created significant opportunities for us. Other
factors influencing this market include increases in post-operative pain management, use of
regional anesthesia and overall demographics.

We reach our customers by using distributors including B. Braun and D.J. Ortho.

Distribution.  Our sales and marketing organization consists of individuals possessing highly
specialized technical expertise. This expertise is required in order to effectively evaluate a
customer s precision control requirements and to facilitate communication between the customer and
our engineering staff. Our sales staff is the primary contact with customers. Manufacturers 
representatives are used to cover certain domestic aerospace markets. Distributors are used
selectively to cover certain industrial and medical markets.

Industry and Competitive Conditions.  We experience considerable competition in aerospace, defense,
industrial and medical markets.

In Aircraft Controls, principal competitors include Parker Hannifin, Nabtesco, Smiths Industries,
Goodrich, Liebherr, HR Textron, Curtiss-Wright and Hamilton Sundstrand. In Space and Defense
Controls, principal competitors include Honeywell, HR Textron, Parker Hannifin, MPC, Vacco,
Valvetech, Marotta, Ketema, Starsys, Sabca, Curtiss-Wright and ESW. In Industrial Controls,
principal competitors include Bosch Rexroth, Eaton Vickers, Danaher, Baumueller, Siemens and
Hydraudyne. In Components, principal competitors include Danaher, Faulhaber, Ametek, MPC, Axsys,
Schleifring, Airflyte, Smiths, Kearfott and Electro-Miniatures. In Medical Devices, principal
competitors include Smiths Medical, Hospira, Cardinal Health, Baxter International, CME and I-Flow.

Competition in each market served is based upon design capability, product performance and life,
service, price and delivery time. We believe we compete effectively on all of these bases.

Government Contracts.  All U.S. Government contracts may be subject to termination at the election
of the Government.

Backlog.  Substantially all backlog will be realized as sales in the next twelve months. Also see
the discussion in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, beginning on page 46 of this report.

Raw Materials.  Materials, supplies and components are purchased from numerous suppliers. We believe
the loss of any one supplier, although potentially disruptive in the short-term, would not
materially affect our operations in the long-term.

Working Capital.  See the discussion on operating cycle in Note 1 of Item 8, Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data, on page 65 of this report.

Seasonality.  Our business is generally not seasonal.

Patents.  We own numerous patents and have filed applications for others. While the protection
afforded by these patents is of value, we do not consider the successful conduct of any material
part of our business to be dependent upon such protection. Our patents and patent applications,
including U.S. and international patents, relate to electrohydraulic, electro-pneumatic and
electromechanical actuation mechanisms and control valves, electronic control component systems and
interface devices. We have trademark and trade name protection in major markets throughout the
world.

Research Activities.  Research and product development activity has been, and continues to be,
significant to us. Research and development increased to $69 million in 2006 from $44 million in
2005 and $30 million in 2004. The increases in 2006 and 2005 are a result of increasing development
activities on Boeing s next generation commercial aircraft, the 787 Dreamliner. Research and
development costs on the 787 were $31 million, $13 million and less than $1 million in 2006, 2005
and 2004, respectively.

35 

Table of Contents   

Employees.  On September 30, 2006, we employed 7,273 full-time employees, compared to 6,662
full-time employees on September 24, 2005.

Customers.  Our customers fall into three groups, Original Equipment Manufacturers, or OEMs, that
are customers of our aerospace and defense markets, OEM customers of our industrial and medical
businesses and aftermarket customers in all of our markets. Aerospace and defense OEM customers
collectively represented 43% of 2006 sales. The majority of these sales are to a small number of
large companies. Due to the long-term nature of many of the programs, many of our relationships
with aerospace and defense OEM customers are based on long-term agreements. Our OEM sales of
industrial and medical controls, which represented 31% of 2006 sales, are to a wide diversity of
customers around the world and are normally based on lead times of 90 days or less. We also provide
aftermarket support, consisting of spare and replacement parts and repair and overhaul services,
for all of our product applications. Our major aftermarket customers are the U.S. Government and
commercial airlines.

The Boeing Company represented approximately 9% of consolidated sales in 2006, including sales to
Boeing Commercial Airplanes, which represented 4% of 2006 sales. Sales to Lockheed Martin were
approximately 9% of sales. Sales arising from U.S. Government prime or subcontracts, including
military sales to Boeing and Lockheed Martin, were approximately 33% of sales. Sales to these
customers are made primarily through Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls and Components.

International Operations.  Operations outside the United States are conducted through wholly-owned
foreign subsidiaries. Our international operations are located predominantly in Europe and the
Asian-Pacific region. See Note 15 of Item 8, Financial Supplementary Data, on pages 83 through 86
of this report for information regarding sales by geographic area and Exhibit 21 of Item 15,
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules, on pages 94 and 95 of this report for a list of
subsidiaries. Our international operations are subject to the usual risks inherent in
international trade, including currency fluctuations, local governmental restrictions on foreign
investment and repatriation of profits, exchange controls, regulation of the import and
distribution of foreign goods, as well as changing economic and social conditions in countries in
which such operations are conducted.

Environmental Matters.  See the discussion in Note 16 of Item 8, Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data, on page 86 of this report.

Website Access to Information.  Our internet address is www.moog.com. We make our annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and, if applicable,
amendments to those reports, available on the investor information portion of our website. The
reports are free of charge and are available as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We have posted our corporate governance guidelines,
board committee charters and code of ethics to the investor information portion of our website.
This information is available in print to any shareholder upon request. All requests for these
documents should be made to Moog s Manager of Investor Relations by calling (716) 687-4225.

Executive Officers of the Registrant.  Other than Lawrence J. Ball and John B. Drenning, the
principal occupations of our officers for the past five years have been their employment with us.
John B. Drenning s principal occupation is partner in the law firm of Hodgson Russ LLP.

On January 10, 2006, Sasidhar Eranki was named Vice President and continues as Deputy General
Manager of the Aircraft Group and Director of Engineering.

On January 10, 2006, John R. Scannell was named Vice President and continues as Director of
Contracts and Pricing. Previously he was the Program Director of 787, General Manager of Moog
Ireland and General Manager of the Electric Drives Product Line.

On January 14, 2005, Harold E. Seiffer was named Vice President and continues as Business
Development Manager for Moog Europe. Previously he was General Manager of Moog GmbH.

On January 16, 2004, Lawrence J. Ball was named Vice President and General Manager of the
Components Group. His employment with Moog began on September 30, 2003, when we acquired the
Poly-Scientific division of Litton Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation.
Previously he was Poly-Scientific s President, a position he assumed in 1996.

36 

Table of Contents   

37 

Table of Contents   

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

The markets we serve are cyclical and sensitive to domestic and foreign economic conditions and
events, which may cause our operating results to fluctuate.  The markets we serve are sensitive to
fluctuations in general business cycles and domestic and foreign economic conditions and events.
For example, demand for our industrial controls products is dependent upon several factors,
including capital investment, product innovations, economic growth, cost-reduction efforts and
technology upgrades. In addition, the commercial airline industry is highly cyclical and sensitive
to fuel price increases, labor disputes and economic conditions. These factors could result in a
reduction in the amount of air travel. A reduction in air travel could reduce orders for new
aircraft for which we supply flight controls and for spare parts and services and reduce our sales.
A reduction in air travel may also result in our commercial airline customers being unable to pay
our invoices on a timely basis or at all.

We depend heavily on government contracts that may not be fully funded or may be terminated, and
the failure to receive funding or the termination of one or more of these contracts could reduce
our sales and increase our costs. 
Sales to the U.S. Government and its prime contractors and subcontractors represent a significant
portion of our business. In 2006, sales under U.S. Government contracts represented 33% of our
total sales, primarily within Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense Controls and Components. Sales
to foreign governments represented 9% of our total sales. We expect that the percentage of our
revenues from government contracts will continue to be substantial in the future. Government
programs can be structured into a series of individual contracts. The funding of these programs is
generally subject to annual congressional appropriations, and congressional priorities are subject
to change. In addition, government expenditures for defense programs may decline or these defense
programs may be terminated. A decline in government expenditures may result in a reduction in the
volume of contracts awarded to us. We may have resources applied to specific government contracts
and, if any of those contracts were terminated, we may incur substantial costs redeploying these
resources.

If our subcontractors or suppliers fail to perform their contractual obligations, our prime
contract performance and our ability to obtain future business could be materially and adversely
impacted.  Many of our contracts involve subcontracts with other companies upon which we rely to
perform a portion of the services we must provide to our customers. There is a risk that we may
have disputes with our subcontractors, including disputes regarding the quality and timeliness of
work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, our failure to
extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract or our hiring of personnel
of a subcontractor. Failure by our subcontractors to satisfactorily provide on a timely basis the
agreed-upon supplies or perform the agreed-upon services may materially and adversely impact our
ability to perform our obligations as the prime contractor. Subcontractor performance deficiencies
could result in a customer terminating our contract for default. A default termination could expose
us to liability and substantially impair our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. In
addition, a delay in our ability to obtain components and equipment parts from our suppliers may
affect our ability to meet our customers  needs and may have an adverse effect upon our
profitability.

We make estimates in accounting for long-term contracts, and changes in these estimates may have
significant impacts on our earnings.  We have long-term contracts with some of our customers. These
contracts are predominantly within Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls. Revenue
representing 34% of 2006 sales was accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost
method of accounting in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants 
Statement of Position 81-1,  Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain
Production-Type Contracts.  We recognize revenue on contracts using the percentage of completion,
cost-to-cost method of accounting as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio
of cumulative costs incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by
the total estimated contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods.

Changes in estimates affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the
change becomes known using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, resulting in the
cumulative effect of changes reflected in the period. A significant change in an estimate on one or
more contracts could have a material effect on our results of operations. For contracts with
anticipated losses at completion, we establish a provision for the entire amount of the estimated
remaining loss and charge it against income in the period in which the loss becomes known. Amounts
representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or change orders are considered in
estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is
considered probable.

38 

Table of Contents   

We enter into fixed-price contracts, which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns.  For
the year ended September 30, 2006, fixed-price contracts represented 79% of our sales that were
accounted for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. On fixed-price
contracts, we agree to perform the scope of work specified in the contract for a predetermined
price. Depending on the fixed price negotiated, these contracts may provide us with an opportunity
to achieve higher profits based on the relationship between our total contract costs and the
contract s fixed price. However, we bear the risk that increased or unexpected costs may reduce our
profit or cause us to incur a loss on the contract, which could reduce our net sales and net
earnings. Loss reserves are more common on fixed-price contracts that involve the design and
development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet the customer s specifications.

Contracting in the defense industry is subject to significant regulation, including rules related
to bidding, billing and accounting kickbacks and false claims, and any non-compliance could subject
us to fines and penalties or possible debarment.  Like all government contractors, we are subject to
risks associated with this contracting. These risks include the potential for substantial civil and
criminal fines and penalties. These fines and penalties could be imposed for failing to follow
procurement integrity and bidding rules, employing improper billing practices or otherwise failing
to follow cost accounting standards, receiving or paying kickbacks or filing false claims. We have
been, and expect to continue to be, subjected to audits and investigations by government agencies.
The failure to comply with the terms of our government contracts could harm our business
reputation. It could also result in our progress payments being withheld or our suspension or
debarment from future government contracts.

If we are unable to adapt to technological change, demand for our products may be reduced.  The
technologies related to our products have undergone, and in the future may undergo, significant
changes. To succeed in the future, we will need to continue to design, develop, manufacture,
assemble, test, market and support new products and enhancements on a timely and cost-effective
basis. Historically, our technology has been developed through customer-funded and internally
funded research and development and through business acquisitions. In addition, our competitors may
develop technologies and products that are more effective than those we develop or that render our
technology and products obsolete or uncompetitive. Furthermore, our products could become
unmarketable if new industry standards emerge. We may have to modify our products significantly in
the future to remain competitive, and new products we introduce may not be accepted by our
customers.

Our new product and research and development efforts may not be successful, which would result in a
reduction in our sales and earnings.  In the past, we have incurred, and we expect to continue to
incur, expenses associated with research and development activities and the introduction of new
products. For instance, we are currently incurring substantial development costs in connection with
our work on the 787. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful
development of new products or product enhancements, and new products or product enhancements may
not be accepted by our customers. In addition, the research and development expenses we incur may
exceed our cost estimates, and new products we develop may not generate sales sufficient to offset
our costs. If any of these events occur, our sales and profits could be adversely affected.

The loss of Boeing or Lockheed Martin as a customer or a significant reduction in sales to either
company would reduce our sales and earnings.  We provide Boeing with controls for both military and
commercial applications, which, in total, were 9% of our 2006 sales. Sales to Boeing s commercial
airplane group were 4% of 2006 sales. These commercial sales are generally made under a long-term
supply agreement through 2012. Sales to Lockheed Martin were 9% of our 2006 sales. The loss of
Boeing or Lockheed Martin as a customer or a significant reduction in sales to either company would
significantly reduce our sales and earnings.

We operate in highly competitive markets with competitors who may have greater resources than we
possess, which could reduce the volume of products we can sell and our operating margins.  Many of
our products are sold in highly competitive markets. Some of our competitors, especially in our
industrial markets, are larger, more diversified corporations and have greater financial,
marketing, production and research and development resources. As a result, they may be better able
to withstand the effects of periodic economic downturns. Our operations and financial performance
will be negatively impacted if our competitors:

develop products that are superior to our products; 

develop products that are more competitively priced than our products; 

develop methods of more efficiently and effectively providing products and services; or 

adapt more quickly than we do to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. 

39 

Table of Contents   

We believe that the principal points of competition in our markets are product quality, price,
design and engineering capabilities, product development, conformity to customer specifications,
quality of support after the sale, timeliness of delivery and effectiveness of the distribution
organization. Maintaining and improving our competitive position will require continued investment
in manufacturing, engineering, quality standards, marketing, customer service and support and our
distribution networks. If we do not maintain sufficient resources to make these investments or are
not successful in maintaining our competitive position, our operations and financial performance
will suffer.

Significant changes in discount rates, rates of return on pension assets, mortality tables and
other factors could affect our future earnings, equity and pension funding requirements.  Pension
obligations and the related costs are determined using actuarial valuations that involve several
assumptions. Our funding requirements are also based on these assumptions. The most critical
assumptions are the discount rate, the long-term expected return on assets and mortality. Other
assumptions include salary increases and retirement age. Some of these assumptions, such as the
discount rate and return on pension assets, are largely outside of our control. Changes in these
assumptions could affect our future earnings, equity and funding requirements.

A write-off of all or part of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our
operating results and net worth and cause us to violate covenants in our bank credit facility. 
Goodwill and other intangible assets are a substantial portion of our assets. At September 30,
2006, goodwill was $451 million and other intangible assets were $50 million of our total assets of
$1.6 billion. Our goodwill may increase in the future since our strategy includes growing through
acquisitions. We may have to write off all or part of our goodwill or other intangible assets if
their value becomes impaired. Although this write-off would be a non-cash charge, it could reduce
our earnings and net worth significantly. A write-off of goodwill or other intangible assets could
also cause us to violate covenants in our bank credit facility that require a minimum level of net
worth. This could result in our being unable to borrow under our bank credit facility or being
obliged to refinance or renegotiate the terms of our bank indebtedness.

Our sales and earnings growth may be reduced if we cannot implement our acquisition strategy. 
Acquisitions are a key part of our growth strategy. Our historical growth has depended, and our
future growth is likely to depend, in large part, on our ability to implement successfully our
acquisition strategy, and the successful integration of acquired businesses into our existing
operations. We intend to continue to seek additional acquisition opportunities in accordance with
our acquisition strategy, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing
markets throughout the world. If we are unable to successfully identify suitable candidates,
negotiate appropriate acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing
operations or expand into new markets, our sales and earnings growth would be reduced.

We may incur losses and liabilities as a result of our acquisition strategy.  Growth by acquisition
involves risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results,
including:

diversion of management time and attention from our core business; 

the potential exposure to unanticipated liabilities; 

the potential that expected benefits or synergies are not realized and that operating costs
increase; 

the risks associated with incurring additional acquisition indebtedness, including
that additional indebtedness could limit our cash flow availability for operations and
our flexibility; 

difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of acquired
companies; 

the potential impairment of a significant amount of intangible
assets; and 

the potential loss of key employees, suppliers or customers of
acquired businesses. 

In addition, any acquisition, once successfully integrated, could negatively impact our financial
performance if it does not perform as planned, does not increase earnings, or does not prove
otherwise to be beneficial to us.

Our future growth and continued success is dependent on our key personnel.  Our future success
depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our management team and
technical personnel. The loss of members of our management team could have a material and adverse
effect on our business. In addition, competition for qualified technical personnel in our
industries is intense, and we
believe that our future growth and success will depend on our ability to attract, train and retain
such personnel.

40 

Table of Contents   

Future terror attacks, war, or other civil disturbances could negatively impact our business. 
Continued terror attacks, war or other disturbances could lead to further economic instability and
decreases in demand for commercial products, which could negatively impact our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Terrorist attacks worldwide have caused instability from time
to time in global financial markets and the aviation industry. In 2006, 15% of our net sales was
related to commercial aircraft. The long-term effects of terrorist attacks on us are unknown. These
attacks and the U.S. Government s continued efforts against terrorist organizations may lead to
additional armed hostilities or to further acts of terrorism and civil disturbance in the United
States or elsewhere, which may further contribute to economic instability.

Our operations in foreign countries expose us to political risks and adverse changes in local
legal, tax and regulatory schemes.  In 2006, 39% of our consolidated revenue was from customers
outside of North America. We expect international operations and export sales to continue to
contribute to our earnings for the foreseeable future. Both the sales from international operations
and export sales are subject in varying degrees to risks inherent in doing business outside of the
United States. Such risks include, without limitation, the following:

the possibility of unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations; 

partial or total expropriation; 

potential negative consequences from changes to significant taxation policies, laws or
regulations; 

changes in tariff and trade barriers and import or export licensing
requirements; 

political or economic instability, insurrection, civil disturbance or
war; and 

potential negative consequences from the requirements of partial local ownership of
operations in certain countries. 

Government regulations could limit our ability to sell our products outside the United States.  In
2006, 12% of our sales were subject to compliance with the United States Export Administration
regulations. Our failure to obtain the requisite licenses, meet registration standards or comply
with other government export regulations would hinder our ability to generate revenues from the
sale of our products outside the United States. Compliance with the government regulations may also
subject us to additional fees and costs. The absence of comparable restrictions on competitors in
other countries may adversely affect our competitive position. In order to sell our products in
European Union countries, we must satisfy certain technical requirements. If we are unable to
comply with those requirements with respect to a significant quantity of our products, our sales in
Europe would be restricted.

Our facilities could be damaged by catastrophes which could reduce our production capacity and
result in a loss of customers.  We conduct our operations in facilities located throughout the
world. Any of these facilities could be damaged by fire, floods, earthquakes, power loss,
telecommunication and information systems failure or similar events. Our facilities in Southern
California, Japan and the Philippines are particularly susceptible to earthquakes. These facilities
accounted for 22% of our manufacturing, assembly and test capacity in 2006. Although we carry
property insurance, including earthquake insurance and business interruption insurance, our
inability to meet customers  schedules as a result of a catastrophe may result in a loss of
customers or significant additional costs such as penalty claims under customer contracts.

The failure of our products may damage our reputation, necessitate a product recall or result in
claims against us that exceed our insurance coverage, thereby requiring us to pay significant
damages.  Defects in the design and manufacture of our products may necessitate a product recall. We
include complex system design and components in our products that could contain errors or defects,
particularly when we incorporate new technology into our products. If any of our products are
defective, we could be required to redesign or recall those products or pay substantial damages or
warranty claims. Such an event could result in significant expenses, disrupt sales and affect our
reputation and that of our products. We are also exposed to product liability claims. Our products
are used in applications where their failure is likely to result in significant property loss and
serious personal injury or death. We carry aircraft and non-aircraft product liability insurance
consistent with industry norms. However, this insurance coverage may not be sufficient to fully
cover the payment of any potential claim. A product recall or a product liability claim not
covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

41 

Table of Contents   

Our international operations pose currency and other risks that may adversely impact sales and
earnings.  We have significant manufacturing and sales operations in foreign countries. In addition,
our domestic operations have sales to foreign customers. Our financial results may be adversely
affected by fluctuations in foreign currencies and by the translation of the financial statements
of our foreign subsidiaries from local currencies into U.S. dollars. The translation of our sales
in foreign currencies, primarily the euro, British pound and Japanese yen, to the U.S. dollar had a
$9 million negative impact on sales for 2006 using average exchange rates for 2006 compared to
average exchange rates for 2005 and a $12 million positive impact on sales for 2005 using average
exchange rates for 2005 compared to average exchange rates for 2004.

Our operations are subject to environmental laws, and the cost of compliance with those laws may
cause us to incur significant costs.  Our operations and facilities are subject to numerous
stringent environmental laws and regulations. Although we believe that we are in material
compliance with these laws and regulations, future changes in these laws, regulations, or
interpretations of them, or changes in the nature of our operations may require us to make
significant capital expenditures to ensure compliance. We have been and are currently involved in
environmental remediation activities, the cost of which may become significant depending on the
discovery of additional environmental exposures at sites that we currently own or operate and at
sites that we formerly owned or operated, or at sites to which we have sent hazardous substances or
wastes for treatment, recycling or disposal.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

On March 3, 2006, we received a letter from the staff of the SEC s Division of Corporation Finance
as part of their review of our Form 10-K filed on December 7, 2005. One of the comments related to
the determination of our reportable segments, operating segments and reporting units. We responded
to this letter, which has been followed by a series of staff comments and our responses to those
comments.

We believe that we have properly identified our operating segments in accordance with SFAS No. 131,
 Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information.  Our chief operating decision
maker regularly reviews the results of our operating segments to make decisions about resource
allocation and performance assessment, and does not regularly review results of other components to
make such allocations and assessments. We also believe that we have properly identified and
disclosed our reportable segments, which are the same as our operating segments since the
aggregation criteria have not been met. The staff s comments on this matter have not yet been
resolved.

We expect further correspondence with the staff on the determination of our reporting units in
accordance with SFAS No. 142,  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.  Since a reporting unit is
either an operating segment or one level below an operating segment, the conclusion regarding our
reporting units cannot be completely resolved until the operating segment matter is resolved.

42 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Properties. 

On September 30, 2006, we occupied 3,141,000 square feet of space in the United States and
countries throughout the world, distributed by segment as follows:

Aircraft Controls has principal manufacturing facilities located in New York, Utah, California,
England and the Philippines. Space and Defense Controls has primary manufacturing facilities
located in New York, California, Ohio and Germany. Industrial Controls has principal manufacturing
facilities located in New York, Germany, Italy, Japan, Ireland, Luxembourg, India and Holland.
Components has principal manufacturing facilities located in Virginia, North Carolina, Pennsylvania
and Canada. Medical Devices has a manufacturing facility in California. Our corporate headquarters
are located in East Aurora, New York.

We believe that our properties have been adequately maintained and are generally in good condition.
Operating leases for properties expire at various times from 2007 through 2017. Upon the expiration
of our current leases, we believe that we will be able to either secure renewal terms or enter into
leases for alternative locations at market terms.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we are named as a defendant in legal actions. We are not a party to any pending
legal proceedings that management believes will result in a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders. 

None.

43 

Table of Contents   

PART II 

Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities. 

Our two classes of common shares, Class A common stock and Class B common stock, are traded on the
New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under the ticker symbols MOG.A and MOG.B. The following chart sets
forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low sales prices of the Class A common stock and
Class B common stock on the NYSE.

Quarterly Stock Prices 

The number of shareholders of record of Class A common stock and Class B common stock was 1,179 and
536, respectively, as of November 24, 2006.

Dividend restrictions are included in Note 7 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data, on page 73 of this report. We do not pay dividends on our Class A common stock or Class B
common stock.

On August 24, 2006, we issued 445,725 shares of Class A common stock as consideration for the
acquisition of McKinley Medical. The issuance was exempt from registration under the Securities Act
of 1933 by virtue of Section 4(2) thereof.

The following table summarizes our purchases of our common stock for the quarter ended September
30, 2006.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(1) 
       
     The issuer s purchases during August represent the purchase of shares of Class B common
stock from the Moog family. 

(2) 
       
     In connection with the exercise and vesting of stock options, we from time to time accept
delivery of shares to pay the exercise price of employee stock options. We do not otherwise have
any plan or program to purchase our common stock. 

44 

Table of Contents   

Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 

For a more detailed discussion of 2004 through 2006, refer to Item 7, Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, on pages 46 through 60 of this report
and Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, on pages 61 through 90 of this report.

(1) 
       
     Includes the effects of the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R),  Share-Based Payment,  under
which we began recording stock-based compensation expense in 2006. Includes the effects of the
acquisition of the stock of McKinley Medical on August 24, 2006, the acquisition of the net assets
of Curlin Medical on April 7, 2006 and the acquisition of the stock of Flo-Tork on November 23,
2005. Also includes the offering and sale of Class A Common Stock on February 21, 2006. See Notes
1, 2, 11 and 12 of the Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 of this report. 

(2) 
       
     Includes the effects of the acquisition of the stock of FCS Control Systems on August 11, 2005,
the acquisition of the stock of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation on
July 26, 2005 and the acquisition of an industrial systems engineering business and a commercial
aircraft repair business in the second quarter of 2005. Also includes the effects of the issuance
of senior subordinated notes on January 10, 2005 and September 12, 2005. See Notes 2 and 7 of the
Consolidated Financial Statements at Item 8 of this report. 

(3) 
       
     Includes the effects of the acquisition of the net assets of the Poly-Scientific division of
Litton Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation, on September 30, 2003. 

(4) 
       
     Includes the effects of the redemption of the senior subordinated notes on May 1, 2003 and the
issuance of Class A common stock in September 2003. 

(5) 
       
     Includes the effects of the Class A common stock offering completed in November 2001 and the
effects of the acquisition of the satellite and space product lines of the Electro Systems Division
of Tecstar, Inc. and 81% of the stock of Tokyo Precision Instruments Co. Ltd. 

(6) 
       
     Share and per share data prior to the April 1, 2005 three-for-two split of our Class A and
Class B common stock have been restated. 

(7) 
       
     Capitalization is the sum of total debt and shareholders  equity. 

45

Table of Contents   

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

OVERVIEW 

We are a leading worldwide designer and manufacturer of high performance, precision motion and
fluid controls and control systems for a broad range of applications in aerospace, defense,
industrial and medical device markets. Our products and systems include military and commercial
aircraft flight controls, satellite positioning controls, controls for steering tactical and
strategic missiles, thrust vector controls for space launch vehicles and controls for positioning
gun barrels and automatic ammunition loading for military combat vehicles. Our products are also
used in a wide variety of industrial applications, including injection molding machines for the
plastics markets, metal forming, power generating turbines, simulators used to train pilots and
certain medical applications. We operate under five segments, Aircraft Controls, Space and Defense
Controls, Industrial Controls, Components and Medical Devices. Our principal manufacturing
facilities are located in the United States, including facilities in New York, California, Utah,
Virginia, North Carolina and Pennsylvania, and in Germany, Italy, England, Japan, the Philippines,
Ireland and India.

Revenue under long-term contracts, representing approximately one-third of our sales, is recognized
using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting. This method of revenue
recognition is associated with the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments due to
the long-term contractual nature of the business activities, with the exception of their respective
aftermarket activities. The remainder of our sales are recognized when the risks and rewards of
ownership and title to the product are transferred to the customer, principally as units are
delivered or as service obligations are satisfied. This method of revenue recognition is associated
with the Industrial Controls, Components and Medical Devices segments, as well as with aftermarket
activity.

We intend to increase our revenue base and improve our profitability and cash flows from operations
by building on our market leadership positions and by strengthening our niche market positions in
the principal markets that we serve. We also expect to maintain a balanced, diversified portfolio
in terms of markets served, product applications, customer base and geographic presence. Our
strategy to achieve our objectives includes maintaining our technological excellence by building
upon our systems integration capabilities while solving our customers  most demanding technical
problems, growing our profitable aftermarket business, entering and developing new markets by using
our broad expertise as a designer and supplier of precision controls, taking advantage of our
global engineering, selling and manufacturing capabilities, striving for continuing cost
improvements and capitalizing on strategic acquisition opportunities.

Challenges facing us include improving shareholder value through increased profitability while
experiencing pricing pressures from customers, strong competition and increases in costs such as
health care. We address these challenges by focusing on strategic revenue growth and by continuing
to improve operating efficiencies through various process and manufacturing initiatives and using
low cost manufacturing facilities without compromising quality.

Acquisitions 

On August 24, 2006, we acquired McKinley Medical by issuing 445,725 shares of Moog Class A common
stock valued at $15 million. McKinley Medical designs, assembles and distributes disposable pumps
and accessories used principally to administer therapeutic drugs for chemotherapy and antibiotic
applications, and post-operative medication for pain management. This acquisition further expands
our participation in medical markets. Upon acquisition, trailing twelve-month sales for this
business were approximately $5 million.

On April 7, 2006, we acquired Curlin Medical and affiliated companies. The adjusted purchase price
was $77 million, financed with credit facility borrowings and a $12 million 53-week unsecured note.
Curlin Medical is a manufacturer of infusion pumps that provide controlled delivery of therapeutic
drugs to patients. This acquisition formed our newest segment, Medical Devices, and expands our
participation in medical markets. Upon acquisition, trailing twelve-month sales for this business
were approximately $23 million.

On November 23, 2005, we acquired Flo-Tork. The adjusted purchase price was $26 million, which was
financed with credit facility borrowings. Flo-Tork is a leading designer and manufacturer of
hydraulic and pneumatic rotary actuators and specialized cylinders for niche military and
industrial applications. This acquisition not only expands our reach within Industrial Controls,
but also provides new opportunities for naval applications within Space and Defense Controls. Upon
acquisition, annual sales for this business were approximately $10 million.

46

Table of Contents   

Issuance of Class A Common Stock 

On February 21, 2006, we completed the offering and sale of 2,875,000 shares of Class A common
stock at a price of $31 per share. We used the net proceeds of $84 million to pay down outstanding
credit facility borrowings, some of which were reborrowed in April 2006 to finance the Curlin
Medical acquisition.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Our financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these consolidated financial
statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts
reported. These estimates, assumptions and judgments are affected by our application of accounting
policies, which are discussed in Note 1 of Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of
this report. The critical accounting policies have been reviewed with the Audit Committee of our
Board of Directors.

Revenue Recognition on Long-Term Contracts 

Revenue representing 34% of 2006 sales was accounted for using the percentage of completion,
cost-to-cost method of accounting in accordance with the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants  Statement of Position (SOP) 81-1,  Accounting for Performance of Construction-Type and
Certain Production-Type Contracts.  This method of revenue recognition is primarily associated with
the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls segments due to the contractual nature of the
business activities, with the exception of their respective aftermarket activities. The contractual
arrangements are either firm fixed-price or cost-plus contracts and are with the U.S. Government or
its prime subcontractors, foreign governments or commercial aircraft manufacturers, including
Boeing and Airbus. The nature of the contractual arrangements includes customers  requirements for
delivery of hardware as well as funded nonrecurring development work in anticipation of follow-on
production orders.

We recognize revenue on contracts using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of
accounting as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs
incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated
contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Changes in estimates
affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known
using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, resulting in the cumulative effect of changes
reflected in the period. Estimates are reviewed and updated quarterly for substantially all
contracts. A significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts could have a material
effect on our results of operations.

Occasionally, it is appropriate under SOP 81-1 to combine or segment contracts. Contracts are
combined in those limited circumstances when they are negotiated as a package in the same economic
environment with an overall profit margin objective and constitute, in essence, an agreement to do
a single project. In such cases, we recognize revenue and costs over the performance period of the
combined contracts as if they were one. Contracts are segmented in limited circumstances if the
customer had the right to accept separate elements of the contract and the total amount of the
proposals on the separate components approximated the amount of the proposal on the entire project.
For segmented contracts, we recognize revenue and costs as if they were separate contracts over the
performance periods of the individual elements or phases.

Contract costs include only allocable, allowable and reasonable costs, as determined in accordance
with the Federal Acquisition Regulations and the related Cost Accounting Standards for applicable
U.S. Government contracts, and are included in cost of sales when incurred. The nature of these
costs includes development engineering costs and product manufacturing costs including direct
material, direct labor, other direct costs and indirect overhead costs. Contract profit is recorded
as a result of the revenue recognized less costs incurred in any reporting period. Amounts
representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or change orders are considered in
estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is
considered probable. Revenue recognized on contracts for unresolved claims or unapproved contract
change orders was not material in 2006.

Contract Loss Reserves 

At September 30, 2006, we had contract loss reserves of $15 million. For contracts with anticipated
losses at completion, a provision for the entire amount of the estimated remaining loss is charged
against income in the period in which the loss becomes known. Contract losses are determined
considering all direct and indirect contract costs, exclusive of any selling, general or
administrative cost allocations that are treated as
period expenses. Loss reserves are more common on firm fixed-price contracts that involve, to
varying degrees, the design and development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet
the customers  specifications.

47

Table of Contents   

Reserves for Inventory Valuation 

At September 30, 2006, we had inventories of $283 million, or 39% of current assets, and reserves
for inventory valuation of $48 million, or 15% of gross inventories. Inventories are stated at the
lower-of-cost-or-market with cost determined primarily on the first-in, first-out method of
valuation.

We record valuation reserves to provide for slow-moving or obsolete inventory by using both a
formula-based method that increases the valuation reserve as the inventory ages and,
supplementally, a specific identification method. We consider overall inventory levels in relation
to firm customer backlog in addition to forecasted demand including aftermarket sales. Changes in
these and other factors such as low demand and technological obsolescence could cause us to
increase our reserves for inventory valuation, which would negatively impact our gross margin.

As we record provisions within cost of sales to increase inventory valuation reserves, we establish
a new, lower cost basis for the inventory. We do not increase this new cost basis for subsequent
changes in facts or circumstances. Once we establish a reserve for an inventory item, we only
relieve the reserve upon the subsequent use or disposal of the item.

Reviews for Impairment of Goodwill 

At September 30, 2006, we had $451 million of goodwill, or 28% of total assets. We test goodwill
for impairment at least annually, during our fourth quarter, and whenever events occur or
circumstances change that indicate there may be an impairment. These events or circumstances could
include a significant adverse change in the business climate, poor indicators of operating
performance or a sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.

We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level. Certain of our reporting units are our
operating segments while others are one level below our operating segments. We identify our
reporting units by assessing whether the components of our operating segments constitute businesses
for which discrete financial information is available and segment management regularly reviews the
operating results of those components.

Testing goodwill for impairment requires us to determine the amount of goodwill associated with
reporting units, estimate fair values of those reporting units and determine their carrying values.
These processes are subjective and require significant estimates. These estimates include judgments
about future cash flows that are dependent on internal forecasts, long-term growth rates,
allocations of commonly shared assets and estimates of the weighted-average cost of capital used to
discount future cash flows. Changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the
results of our reviews for impairment of goodwill.

Based on these tests, goodwill was not impaired in 2006, 2005 or 2004.

Purchase Price Allocations for Business Combinations 

During 2006, we acquired McKinley Medical, Curlin Medical and Flo-Tork. Under purchase accounting,
we recorded assets and liabilities at fair value as of the acquisition dates. We identified and
ascribed value to technology, patents, tradenames, backlog, customer relationships and engineering
drawings, and estimated the useful lives over which these intangible assets would be amortized.
Preliminary valuations of these assets were performed largely using discounted cash flow models.
These preliminary valuations support the conclusion that intangible assets other than goodwill had
a value of $28 million. The resulting goodwill was $74 million, reflecting the strong cash flows of
the acquired operations.

During 2006, we completed our purchase price allocation for the 2005 acquisition of the Power and
Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation. As a result, intangible assets increased by $7
million and goodwill decreased by $4 million.

Ascribing value to intangible assets requires estimates used in projecting relevant future cash
flows, in addition to estimating useful lives of such assets. Using different assumptions could
have a material effect on our current and future amortization expense.

48

Table of Contents   

Pension Assumptions 

We sponsor various defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all employees. Pension
obligations and the related costs are determined using actuarial valuations that involve several
assumptions. The most critical assumptions are the discount rate, the long-term expected return on
assets and mortality. Other assumptions include salary increases and retirement age.

The discount rate is used to state expected future cash flows at present value. Using a lower
discount rate increases the present value of pension obligations. There is little judgment in
selecting the discount rate as it reflects the yield of high-quality fixed income securities,
generally AA corporate bonds, as of our August 31 measurement date. In determining expense for 2006
for our U.S. plans, representing 78% of our consolidated projected benefit obligation, we used a
5.25% discount rate, compared to 6.0% for 2005. Our expense in 2007 for these U.S. plans will be
determined using a 6.0% discount rate. This 75 basis point increase in the discount rate will
decrease our pension expense by $5 million in 2007. We currently forecast pension costs for all
defined benefit pension plans to approximate $22 million in 2007.

The return on assets assumption reflects the average rate of earnings expected on funds invested or
to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected benefit obligation. We select
the return on assets assumption by considering our current and target asset allocations, both of
which are around 80% equities and 20% debt securities for our largest plan, representing 87% of the
fair value of consolidated plan assets, as well as historical and expected returns on each category
of plan assets. In determining expense for 2006 for our largest plan, we used an 8.875% return on
assets assumption, the same we used in 2005. A 50 basis point decrease in the return on assets
assumption would increase our annual pension expense by $1 million.

We began using the 2000 mortality table in 2005 for our U.S. plans. This change in the mortality
table increased our pension expense by $2 million in 2005.

Deferred Tax Asset Valuation Allowances 

At September 30, 2006, we had gross deferred tax assets of $70 million and a deferred tax asset
valuation allowance of $9 million. The deferred tax assets principally relate to benefit accruals,
inventory obsolescence and contract loss reserves. The deferred tax assets also include $8 million
related to net operating losses in Luxembourg, for which an equivalent amount of the deferred tax
asset valuation allowance was established.

We record a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount of future tax benefit
that we believe is more likely than not to be realized. We consider recent earnings projections,
allowable tax carryforward periods, tax planning strategies and historical earnings performance to
determine the amount of the valuation allowance. Changes in these factors could cause us to adjust
our valuation allowance, which would impact our income tax expense when we determine that these
factors have changed.

49

Table of Contents   

CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK 

Effective beginning in 2006, our fiscal year ends on the Saturday in September or October that
is closest to September 30. Previously, our fiscal year ended on the last Saturday in September.
The consolidated financial statements include 53 weeks for the year ended September 30, 2006 and 52
weeks for the years ended September 24, 2005 and September 25, 2004. While management believes this
has a financial impact on the reported results of 2006 that may affect the comparability of the
financial statements presented, the impact has not been determined.

Net sales increased $255 million, or 24%, in 2006 and $112 million, or 12%, in 2005. In both years,
sales increased in each of our existing segments, even without considering the contribution from
the acquisitions. We estimate that acquisitions accounted for nearly half of the growth in 2006 and
15% of the growth in 2005.

Our gross margin improved in both 2006 and 2005, due primarily to higher volume. In addition, our
gross margin was low in 2004 in Space and Defense Controls due to contract loss reserves
established for the recall and repair of attitude control valves used on satellites and an
investment in the Joint Common Missile program.

Gross margins can be influenced by activity in contract loss reserves, especially additions to loss
reserves associated with new loss contracts or substantial increases in cost estimates on existing
contracts. At September 30, 2006, we had contract loss reserves of $15 million, compared to $14
million at September 24, 2005. Roughly three-quarters of these contract loss reserves relate to
aircraft development contracts. During 2006, we had $18 million of additions to contract loss
reserves related primarily to aircraft development contracts. These additions were offset by $17
million of reductions related primarily to aircraft development contracts, as costs incurred were
charged against the previously established loss reserves. During 2005, we had $14 million of
additions to contract loss reserves related to aircraft development contracts, satellites programs
and launch vehicle programs. These additions were offset by reductions related to costs incurred
that were charged against the previously established loss reserves.

50

Table of Contents   

Research and development expenses increased significantly in both 2006 and 2005, reflecting the
steady increase in our efforts over the past two years on Boeing s next generation commercial
aircraft, the 787 Dreamliner.

Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased in 2006, despite
$3.5 million of stock compensation expense resulting from the adoption of SFAS No. 123(R) at the
beginning of 2006 and a $2 million charge for the termination of an agreement with a long-standing
sales representative in 2006. During 2006, we were able to increase our sales without corresponding
increases in our cost structure. Selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of
net sales decreased in 2005, primarily as a result of lower bid and proposal costs on Boeing s 787.
Our bid and proposal efforts on the 787 were substantial through the second quarter of 2004 and our
costs have since shifted to research and development on this program.

Interest expense increased in 2006 due to higher levels of debt associated with our acquisitions of
the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation, Curlin Medical and Flo-Tork.
Higher interest rates had a similar impact on our interest expense, in part related to the issuance
of 6  1 / 4  % senior subordinated notes in 2005. Interest expense
increased in 2005, primarily due to higher interest rates associated with our issuance of a total
of $200 million of 6  1 / 4  % senior subordinated notes in January and
September of that year.

Our effective tax rate increased in 2006 due to lower foreign tax credits available in the U.S. and
a tax charge related to a tax opinion rendered by the European tax court, offset partially by lower
overall taxes on our 2006 foreign earnings. Our effective tax rate increased slightly in 2005 due
to slightly higher net overall foreign taxes, lower export tax benefits and increased state tax
payments.

In 2006, net earnings increased 26% and diluted earnings per share increased 20%. Average common
shares outstanding increased during 2006 as a result of our sale of 2,875,000 shares of Class A
common stock on February 21, 2006. In 2005, net earnings and diluted earnings per shares both
increased 13%.

2007 Outlook    We expect net sales in 2007 to increase by a range of 9% to 11% to between $1.428
billion and $1.448 billion. Sales are estimated to increase by an amount between $31 million and
$51 million in Industrial Controls, $27 million in Medical Devices, $22 million in Space and
Defense Controls, $21 million in Components and $20 million in Aircraft Controls. We expect
operating margins to be 12.6% in 2007 compared to 12.4% in 2006. We expect our operating margins to
increase in Medical Devices and Industrial Controls, generally maintain their levels in Space and
Defense Controls and Components and decrease in Aircraft Controls. We expect net earnings to
increase to between $94 million and $98 million. We expect diluted earnings per share to increase
by a range of 12% to 16% to between $2.21 and $2.29.

51

Table of Contents   

SEGMENT RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND OUTLOOK 

Operating profit, as presented below, is net sales less cost of sales and other operating expenses,
excluding stock compensation expense and other corporate expenses. Cost of sales and other
operating expenses are directly identifiable to the respective segment or allocated on the basis of
sales or manpower. Operating profit is reconciled to earnings before income taxes in Note 15 of
Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this report.

Aircraft Controls 

Net sales in Aircraft Controls increased 17% in 2006. Military aircraft sales increased $34
million and commercial aircraft sales increased $42 million. Within military aircraft, our sales
increased $18 million in aftermarket sales, $15 million on the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter and $11
million on the Black Hawk/Sea Hawk helicopter. The higher level of aftermarket sales resulted from
Black Hawk helicopter spares and repairs and overhaul activity that we believe is related to the
Mideast conflict. Increased sales on the F-35 reflects our higher level of activity on this
cost-plus program. These increases were partially offset by a $6 million decrease on the Indian
Light Combat Aircraft, for which our sales were high in 2005. Within commercial aircraft, our sales
increased $19 million in aftermarket sales, $10 million in Boeing OEM business and $8 million on
business jets.

Net sales in Aircraft Controls increased 10% in 2005. Military aircraft sales increased $14 million
and commercial aircraft sales increased $26 million. The largest military aircraft sales increase
was $13 million on F-15 Eagle subassemblies for Japan. Sales increased $10 million on other fighter
aircraft, including the Indian Light Combat Aircraft and original equipment for Korea on the F-15
Eagle. Military sales also increased $4 million on the new Airbus A400M program and $2 million in
aftermarket sales. These increases were partially offset by a $15 million decrease in sales on the
V-22 Tilt Rotor Osprey program as the previous year s sales included the replacement of swashplate
actuators in accordance with our customer s revised specifications. Within commercial aircraft,
half of the increase was for aftermarket sales. Strong commercial aircraft aftermarket sales
resulted from standard repair and overhaul for flight and engine controls on commercial transport
aircraft and the sale of initial provisioning spares for business jets just entering service.
Commercial aircraft sales also increased $5 million for Boeing OEM production. In addition,
commercial aircraft sales increased for business jets as they enter into production, on Airbus and
for vibration control equipment on the new Sikorsky S-92 helicopter.

Our operating margin for Aircraft Controls decreased during 2006 and 2005, reflecting our
significant research and development efforts on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner program over the past two
years. Our research and development expenses on this program were $31 million in 2006, $13 million
in 2005 and less than $1 million in 2004. During 2006, we completed our negotiations with Boeing
and the U.S. Army for the Comanche termination, which resulted in a $4 million gain that partially
offset the higher level of research and development. Our aftermarket sales, which typically result
in stronger margins, also increased and had a positive impact on our margin. In addition, our
margins benefited from higher sales volume in 2006 and 2005.

Twelve-month backlog increased from September 24, 2005 to September 30, 2006. The largest increases
were on the F-35 and V-22 programs. Twelve-month backlog for Aircraft Controls increased from
September 25, 2004 to September 24, 2005, reflecting increased orders on the F-15 Eagle, the Black
Hawk helicopter and commercial aircraft programs. These increases were partially offset by lower
levels of backlog for the F-35 program that was transitioning into the integration testing phase.

2007 Outlook for Aircraft Controls    We expect net sales in Aircraft Controls to increase 4% to
$548 million in 2007, with an increase in commercial aircraft being partially offset by a modest
decrease in military aircraft. The expected increase in commercial aircraft sales relates to Boeing
OEM, both for increased activity on the existing fleet of Boeing commercial airplanes and the
beginning of production on the 787, and business jets that are moving further into production.
Within military aircraft, we expect aftermarket sales to increase while sales decrease on the F-35
as our development efforts wind down and we prepare to transition into production. We expect our
operating margin to be 11.9% in 2007, a decline from 12.6% in 2006, resulting from the changing
balance of the business as the commercial portion increases and the continuing need for a
relatively high level of research and development.

52

Table of Contents   

Space and Defense Controls 

Net sales in Space and Defense Controls increased 15% in 2006. Sales of defense controls were
strong, increasing $10 million over last year, largely as a result of work on the LAV-25 and
Stryker military vehicle programs. Sales of controls for tactical missiles increased $5 million
related to resumed deliveries for the TOW missile and foreign military deliveries of Maverick
missile fin controls. In addition, controls for satellites increased $5 million.

Net sales in Space and Defense Controls increased 11% to $128 million in 2005. The higher level of
sales resulted from a $14 million increase in sales of controls for satellites and a $3 million
increase on strategic missiles, most notably on the Minuteman refurbishment program. These
increases were partially offset by a $5 million decrease in sales of defense controls.

Our operating margin in Space and Defense Controls continued to improve in 2006 due to higher
sales. During 2005, our operating margin recovered from the low level of the previous year,
principally due to higher sales on satellites. In addition, during 2004, we incurred costs of $2.2
million for repair efforts on recalled attitude control valves for satellites and established a
$1.5 million contract loss reserve on the Joint Common Missile program.

Twelve-month backlog for Space and Defense Controls increased from September 24, 2005 to September
30, 2006 reflecting increased orders on defense controls. In addition, backlog increased due to
orders for naval systems resulting from the Flo-Tork acquisition. These increases were partially
offset by decreases in orders for tactical missiles. Twelve-month backlog for Space and Defense
Controls was comparable at September 24, 2005 and September 25, 2004.

2007 Outlook for Space and Defense Controls    We expect sales in Space and Defense Controls to
increase 15% to $170 million in 2007. Sales of defense controls, including hardware for the
Light-Armored Vehicle program for the Marine Corps and development work on Future Combat Systems,
are expected to increase significantly. Sales of controls for tactical missiles will decrease
related to declining activity on programs such as Maverick and VT-1. We expect our operating margin
in 2007 to be 9.0%, the same level we achieved in 2006.

53

Table of Contents   

Industrial Controls 

Net sales in Industrial Controls increased 21% in 2006. The acquisitions of FCS Control Systems
and Flo-Tork accounted for approximately 60% of the increase in sales and are predominantly in the
simulation and test markets. Sales also increased $11 million in power generation and $6 million in
heavy industry. Our sales growth in power generation is being driven by the development of power
generating plants in China. The heavy industry market, for which we manufacture controls for steel
mills, is currently strong due to high demand in China. We experienced lower sales in only one
major market, plastics, as the European market for controls on injection molding machines used in
the production of CDs and DVDs was weak. Weaker foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar had
a $10 million negative impact on sales in Industrial Controls in 2006.

Net sales in Industrial Controls increased $33 million in 2005, or 12%, including $5 million
related to the acquisition of FCS Control Systems. Stronger foreign currencies accounted for $9
million of the sales growth. Excluding sales growth from that acquisition, sales increased in
nearly all of our major product lines. The largest increases were $7 million in motion simulators,
$6 million in turbines and $4 million in heavy industry. Strong demand in China provided growth
opportunities for us in turbines and heavy industry. Our largest market, controls for plastics
making machinery, increased just $2 million to $66 million, reflecting a slow down in the growth
rate in Asia for machines that produce CDs and DVDs.

Our operating margin for Industrial Controls showed considerable improvement in 2006, reflecting
higher volume and a more favorable product mix. Our operating margin for Industrial Controls was
the same in 2005 and 2004. Although sales increased during 2005, the product mix was not favorable.

The higher level of twelve-month backlog for Industrial Controls at September 30, 2006 compared to
September 24, 2005 largely relates to increased orders for motion simulators. The higher level of
twelve-month backlog at September 24, 2005 compared to September 25, 2004 primarily relates to the
acquisition of FCS.

2007 Outlook for Industrial Controls    We expect our net sales in Industrial Controls to increase
between 8% and 13% to an amount in the range of $412 million to $432 million in 2007. The expected
sales growth is most significant for the test and plastics markets and in aftermarket. We expect
our operating margins to be 12.5% in 2007, an improvement over our 2006 margin of 11.8%.

54

Table of Contents   

Components 

Net sales in Components increased 52% in 2006. We estimate that nearly two-thirds of this
increase resulted from incremental sales associated with the acquisition of the Power and Data
Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation. The remainder of the increase related to defense
controls for which we supply slip rings for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle, the Abrams tank and the
Stryker mobile gun system, medical equipment components, such as motors used in sleep apnea
devices, and military aircraft, driven largely by instruments and actuators supplied on the CH-47
helicopter. We believe that the sales growth in our military aircraft and defense controls products
have been largely influenced by the conflict in the Mideast and while this level may be sustained
for some time, we do not expect the high level of growth to continue.

Net sales in Components increased $27 million in 2005, or 21%, including $7 million related to the
acquisition of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation. Excluding sales
growth from this acquisition, sales increased $10 million in medical equipment as customer
production rates increased and $8 million in space and defense controls.

Our operating margin of 15.5% for Components in 2006 was strong and increased over 2005 as a result
of higher volume, a more favorable product mix and efficiencies associated with integration of the
acquisition. Our operating margin improved in 2005 as operating profit in 2004 included purchase
accounting adjustments associated with the September 30, 2003 acquisition of the Poly-Scientific
division of Litton Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation. In addition, higher
volume in 2005 had a positive effect on the operating margin.

The higher level of twelve-month backlog for Components at September 30, 2006 as compared to
September 24, 2005 primarily relates to increased orders in military aircraft and defense control
programs. The increase in twelve-month backlog for Components from September 25, 2004 to September
24, 2005 increased as a result of the acquisition of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the
Kaydon Corporation and, to a lesser extent, higher space and defense and medical orders.

2007 Outlook for Components    We expect net sales in Components to increase 9% to $258 million in
2007. We expect sales increases in defense controls for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle and the Abrams
tank in addition to increases in industrial and aircraft products. We expect our operating margin
to be 15.6% in 2007, around the same level we achieved in 2006.

Medical Devices 

The Medical Devices segment was established in the third quarter of 2006 as a result of the
acquisition of Curlin Medical. The McKinley Medical acquisition late in the fourth quarter added to
this segment.

Our operating margin for Medical Devices was just under break-even in 2006. These results included
$4 million of charges related to purchase accounting. Excluding these effects, our operating margin
would have been approximately 28%. We forecast that these purchase accounting charges will decrease
slightly in 2007.

Twelve-month backlog for Medical Devices relates to the acquisitions of Curlin Medical and McKinley
Medical.

2007 Outlook for Medical Devices    We expect sales in Medical Devices to increase to $40 million in
2007, our first full year of sales in this segment. We expect our operating margin to be 20.0%,
reflecting benefits from both acquisitions. Our results will also reflect our planned investments
in research and development and infrastructure in this business to ensure its long-term success.

55

Table of Contents   

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 

Cash flow from operations and available borrowing capacity provide us with resources needed to
run our operations, continually reinvest in our business and take advantage of acquisition
opportunities as they may arise.

Operating activities 

Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $30 million in 2006. The majority of the
decrease in 2006 relates to higher working capital requirements, related primarily to inventories
associated with our increasing sales. The decrease was partially offset by higher earnings adjusted
for non-cash charges. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased $21 million in 2005. The
majority of the decrease in 2005 also relates to higher working capital requirements associated
with stronger sales. Depreciation and amortization was $47 million in 2006 and $36 million in 2005
and 2004. Provisions for losses were $30 million in 2006, $26 million in 2005 and $27 million in
2004.

Investing activities 

Net cash used by investing activities in 2006 primarily consisted of $65 million for the Curlin
Medical acquisition, excluding the $12 million related note payable, the $26 million for the
Flo-Tork acquisition and $84 million of capital expenditures. Net cash used by investing activities
in 2005 includes the acquisition of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation
for $73 million and the acquisition of FCS Control Systems for $47 million. Net cash used by
investing activities in 2004 included the $152 million for the Poly-Scientific acquisition.

Capital expenditures were $84 million in 2006, compared to $41 million in 2005 and $34 million in
2004, including $4 million of assets acquired under capital leases. The higher level of capital
expenditures in 2006 resulted from facility expansions in the Philippines, Korea, England and
Luxembourg and the procurement of capital equipment for the Boeing 787 production program. In 2007,
we expect our capital expenditures to be about $60 million and our depreciation and amortization
expense to be about $48 million.

Financing activities 

Net cash provided by financing activities in 2006 is primarily related to the net proceeds of $84
million received from the sale of Class A common stock and additional borrowings under our
revolving credit facility. Net cash provided by financing activities in 2005 primarily consisted of
paydowns of borrowings as a result of strong operating cash flows. During 2005, we issued $200
million of 6 1 / 4 % senior subordinated notes due January 15, 2015 and
paid down credit facility borrowings with the net proceeds. Net cash provided by financing
activities in 2004 included $80 million of borrowings used to pay a portion of the purchase price
for the Poly-Scientific acquisition.

In 2004, we established a Stock Employee Compensation Trust (SECT) to assist in administering and
provide funding for employee stock plans and benefit programs. We made a loan to the SECT that the
SECT used to purchase outstanding shares of Class B common stock. During 2004, the SECT purchased
$14 million of stock. The shares in the SECT are not considered outstanding for purposes of
calculating earnings per share. However, in accordance with the trust agreement governing the SECT,
the SECT trustee votes all shares held by the SECT on all matters submitted to shareholders.

56

Table of Contents   

CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND RESOURCES 

We maintain bank credit facilities to fund our short and long-term capital requirements, including
for acquisitions. From time to time, we also sell equity and debt securities to fund acquisitions
or take advantage of favorable market conditions.

On October 25, 2006, we amended our existing U.S. credit facility by entering into the Second
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. Previously our credit facility consisted of a $75 million term
loan and a $315 million revolver. Our new revolving credit facility, which matures on October 25,
2011, increased our borrowing capacity to $600 million. This is our largest credit facility and had
an outstanding balance of $147 million at October 25, 2006. Interest on outstanding credit facility
borrowings is based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin, which was 100 basis points at October 25,
2006. The credit facility is secured by substantially all of our U.S. assets.

The U.S. credit facility contains various covenants. The covenant for minimum net worth, defined as
total shareholders  equity adjusted to maintain the amounts of accumulated other comprehensive loss
at the level in existence as of September 30, 2006 is $550 million. The covenant for minimum
interest coverage ratio, defined as the ratio of EBITDA to interest expense for the most recent
four quarters, is 3.0. The covenant for the maximum leverage ratio, defined as the ratio of net
debt including letters of credit to EBITDA for the most recent four quarter, is 3.5. The covenant
for maximum capital expenditures is $85 million in 2007 and 2008 and $90 million thereafter. EBITDA
is defined in the loan agreement as (i) the sum of net income, interest expense, income taxes,
depreciation expense, amortization expense, other non-cash items reducing consolidated net income
and non-cash stock related expenses minus (ii) other non-cash items increasing consolidated net
income. We are in compliance with all covenants.

We are required to obtain the consent of lenders of the U.S. credit facility before raising
significant additional debt financing. In recent years, we have demonstrated our ability to secure
consents to access debt markets. We have also been successful in accessing capital markets and have
shown strong, consistent financial performance. We believe that we will be able to obtain
additional debt or equity financing as needed.

On January 10, 2005, we completed the sale of $150 million aggregate principal amount of
6  1 / 4 % senior subordinated notes due January 15, 2015 at par, with
interest paid semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. On September 12, 2005, we
completed the sale of an additional $50 million aggregate principal amount of those senior
subordinated notes at 100.25% of par. The aggregate net proceeds of $197 million were used to repay
indebtedness under our bank credit facility, thereby increasing the unused portion of our revolving
credit facility.

At October 25, 2006, we had $484 million of unused borrowing capacity, including $453 million from
the U.S. credit facility after considering standby letters of credit.

Total debt to capitalization was 34% at September 30, 2006 and 40% at September 24, 2005.

We believe that our cash on hand, cash flows from operations and available borrowings under short
and long-term lines of credit will continue to be sufficient to meet our operating needs.

57

Table of Contents   

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any material off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to
have a material future effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Contractual Obligations and Commercial Commitments 

Our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments at September 30, 2006 are as
follows:

Interest on long-term debt consists of payments on fixed-rate debt, primarily senior
subordinated notes and interest rate swaps on U.S. credit facility borrowings, based on the current
applicable interest margin. Total contractual obligations exclude pension obligations. In 2007, we
anticipate making pension contributions of $36 million.

58

Table of Contents   

ECONOMIC CONDITIONS AND MARKET TRENDS 

Military Aerospace and Defense 

Approximately 40% of our sales relate to global military defense or government-funded programs.
Most of these sales were within Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls.

The military aircraft market is dependent on military spending for development and production
programs. Military spending is expected to remain strong in the near term. Production programs are
typically long-term in nature, offering greater predictability as to capacity needs and future
revenues. We maintain positions on numerous high priority programs, including the F-35 Joint Strike
Fighter, F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and V-22 Osprey. These and other government programs can be
reduced, delayed or terminated. The large installed base of our products leads to attractive
aftermarket sales and service opportunities. Aftermarket revenues are expected to continue to grow,
due to military retrofit programs and increased flight hours resulting from increased military
activity.

The military and government space market is primarily dependent on the authorized levels of funding
for satellite communications needs. We believe that long-term government spending on military
satellites will continue to trend upwards as the military s need for improved intelligence
gathering increases.

The tactical missile, missile defense and defense controls markets are dependent on many of the
same market conditions as military aircraft, including overall military spending and program
funding levels.

Industrial 

Approximately 40% of our 2006 sales were generated in industrial and medical markets. The
industrial and medical markets we serve are influenced by several factors, including capital
investment, product innovation, economic growth, cost-reduction efforts and technology upgrades.
However, due to the high degree of sophistication of our products and the niche markets we serve,
we believe we may be less susceptible to overall macro-economic trends. Opportunities for growth
include demand in China to support their economic growth particularly in power generation and steel
manufacturing markets, advancements in medical technology, automotive manufacturers that are
upgrading their metal forming, injection molding and material test capabilities, increasing demand
for aircraft training simulators, and the need for precision controls on plastics injection molding
machines to provide improved manufacturing efficiencies.

Commercial Aircraft 

Approximately 15% of our 2006 sales were on commercial aircraft programs. The commercial OEM
aircraft market has historically exhibited cyclical swings and sensitivity to economic conditions.
The aftermarket, which is driven by usage of the existing aircraft fleet, has proven to be more
stable. Higher aircraft utilization rates result in the need for increased maintenance and spare
parts and enhance aftermarket sales. Boeing and Airbus are both increasing production levels for
new planes related to air traffic growth and further production increases are projected. We have
contract coverage through 2012 with Boeing for the existing 7-series aircraft and are also
developing flight control actuation systems for Boeing s 787 Dreamliner, its next generation
commercial aircraft. In the business jet market, our flight controls on a couple of newer jets are
in early production.

Foreign Currencies 

We are affected by the movement of foreign currencies compared to the U.S. dollar, particularly in
Industrial Controls. About one-third of our 2006 sales were denominated in foreign currencies
including the euro, British pound and Japanese yen. During 2006, the U.S. dollar strengthened
against these currencies and the translation of the results of our foreign subsidiaries into U.S.
dollars reduced sales by $9 million compared to 2005. During 2005, these foreign currencies
strengthened against the U.S. dollar and the translation of the results of our foreign subsidiaries
into U.S. dollars contributed $12 million to the sales increase over 2004.

59

Table of Contents   

RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 

During the first quarter of 2006, we adopted SFAS 123(R),  Share-Based Payment,  applying the
modified prospective method. This statement requires all equity-based payments to employees,
including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in the statement of earnings based on
the grant date fair value of the award. Under the modified prospective method, we are required to
record equity-based compensation expense for all awards granted after the date of adoption and for
the unvested portion of previously granted awards outstanding as of the date of adoption. We use a
straight-line method of attributing the value of stock-based compensation expense, subject to
minimum levels of expense based on vesting. Stock compensation expense was $3.5 million in 2006. No
stock compensation expense was recognized prior to 2006.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes  (FIN 48). FIN 48 clarifies the accounting and reporting for income taxes recognized in
accordance with SFAS No. 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  FIN 48 prescribes a comprehensive
model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken on income tax returns. FIN 48 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. We are currently evaluating the impact of
adopting FIN 48 on our consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,  Fair Value Measurements.  This statement
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework, and expands disclosures about
the use of fair value measurement. SFAS No. 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the
impact of adopting SFAS No. 157 on our consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R).  This
statement requires entities to recognize an asset for a defined benefit postretirement plan s
overfunded status or a liability for a plan s underfunded status in its balance sheet, with changes
in funded status being recognized in comprehensive income in the year in which the changes occur.
This requirement is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2006. This statement also
requires an entity to measure a defined benefit postretirement plan s assets and obligations that
determine its funded status as of the end of the employers  fiscal year. This requirement is
effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2008. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting SFAS No. 158 on our consolidated financial statements.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. 

In the normal course of business, we have exposures to interest rate risk from our long-term debt
and foreign exchange rate risk related to our foreign operations and foreign currency transactions.
To manage these risks, we may enter into derivative instruments such as interest rate swaps and
forward contracts. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. In 2006, our
derivative instruments consisted of interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges and foreign
currency forwards.

At September 30, 2006, we had $158 million of borrowings under variable interest rate facilities.
All of the $35 million notional amount of interest rate swaps outstanding at September 30, 2006
matures in the first quarter of 2007. Based on the current applicable margin, our interest rate
swaps effectively convert these amounts of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt at 3.3% through
their maturities, at which times the interest will revert back to a variable rate based on LIBOR
plus the applicable margin. If interest rates had been one percentage point higher during 2006, our
interest expense would have been $1 million higher.

We also have foreign currency exposure on intercompany loans. To minimize our foreign currency
exposure, we have foreign currency forwards with a notional amount of $29 million.

Although the majority of our sales, expenses and cash flows are transacted in U.S. dollars, we have
exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates such as the euro, British pound and Japanese
yen. If average annual foreign exchange rates collectively weakened or strengthened against the
U.S. dollar by 10%, our net earnings in 2006 would decrease or increase, respectively, by $4
million from foreign currency translation, primarily related to the euro, and $3 million from
pressures on operating margins for products sourced outside of the U.S.

On a limited basis, we may enter into forward contracts to reduce fluctuations in foreign currency
cash flows related to third party raw material purchases, intercompany product shipments and
intercompany loans and
to reduce fluctuations in the value of foreign currency investments in, and long-term advances to,
subsidiaries.

60 

Table of Contents   

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Consolidated Statements of Earnings 

See accompanying Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

61 

Table of Contents   

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

62 

Table of Contents   

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

63 

Table of Contents   

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

64 

Table of Contents   

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  
(dollars in thousands except per share data)

Note 1   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Consolidation:  The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Moog Inc. and all of
our U.S. and foreign subsidiaries. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated
in consolidation.

Fiscal Year:  Effective beginning in 2006, our fiscal year ends on the Saturday in September or
October that is closest to September 30. Previously, our fiscal year ended on the last Saturday in
September. The consolidated financial statements include 53 weeks for the year ended September 30,
2006 and 52 weeks for each of the years ended September 24, 2005 and September 25, 2004. While
management believes this has a financial impact on the reported results of 2006 that may affect the
comparability of financial statements presented, the impact has not been determined.

Operating Cycle:  Consistent with industry practice, aerospace and defense related inventories,
unbilled recoverable costs and profits on long-term contract receivables, customer advances and
contract loss reserves include amounts relating to contracts having long production and procurement
cycles, portions of which are not expected to be realized or settled within one year.

Foreign Currency Translation:  Foreign subsidiaries  assets and liabilities are translated using
rates of exchange as of the balance sheet date and the statements of earnings are translated at the
average rates of exchange for each reporting period.

Use of Estimates:  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at
the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual
results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.

Revenue Recognition:  We recognize revenue using either the percentage of completion method for
contracts or as units are delivered or services are performed.

Percentage of completion method for contracts.  Revenue representing 34% of 2006 sales was accounted
for using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting in accordance with the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants  Statement of Position (SOP) 81-1,  Accounting
for Performance of Construction-Type and Certain Production-Type Contracts.  This method of revenue
recognition is primarily associated with the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls
segments due to the contractual nature of the business activities, with the exception of their
respective aftermarket activities. The contractual arrangements are either firm fixed-price or
cost-plus contracts and are with the U.S. Government or its prime subcontractors, foreign
governments or commercial aircraft manufacturers, including Boeing and Airbus. The nature of the
contractual arrangements includes customers  requirements for delivery of hardware as well as
funded nonrecurring development work in anticipation of follow-on production orders.

Revenue on contracts using the percentage of completion, cost-to-cost method of accounting is
recognized as work progresses toward completion as determined by the ratio of cumulative costs
incurred to date to estimated total contract costs at completion, multiplied by the total estimated
contract revenue, less cumulative revenue recognized in prior periods. Changes in estimates
affecting sales, costs and profits are recognized in the period in which the change becomes known
using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting, resulting in the cumulative effect of changes
reflected in the period. Estimates are reviewed and updated quarterly for substantially all
contracts. A significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts could have a material
effect on our results of operations.

Occasionally, it is appropriate under SOP 81-1 to combine or segment contracts. Contracts are
combined in those limited circumstances when they are negotiated as a package in the same economic
environment with an overall profit margin objective and constitute, in essence, an agreement to do
a single project. In such cases, revenue and costs are recognized over the performance period of
the combined contracts as if they were one. Contracts are segmented in limited circumstances if the
customer had the right to accept separate elements of the contract and the total amount of the
proposals on the separate components approximated the amount of the proposal on the entire project.
For segmented contracts, revenue and costs are recognized as if they were separate contracts over
the performance periods of the individual elements or phases.

65 

Table of Contents   

Contract costs include only allocable, allowable and reasonable costs, as determined in accordance
with the Federal Acquisition Regulations and the related Cost Accounting Standards for applicable
U.S. Government contracts, and are included in cost of sales when incurred. The nature of these
costs includes development engineering costs and product manufacturing costs including direct
material, direct labor, other direct costs and indirect overhead costs. Contract profit is recorded
as a result of the revenue recognized less costs incurred in any reporting period. Amounts
representing performance incentives, penalties, contract claims or change orders are considered in
estimating revenues, costs and profits when they can be reliably estimated and realization is
considered probable. Revenue recognized on contracts for unresolved claims or unapproved contract
change orders was not material for 2006.

For contracts with anticipated losses at completion, a provision for the entire amount of the
estimated remaining loss is charged against income in the period in which the loss becomes known.
Contract losses are determined considering all direct and indirect contract costs, exclusive of any
selling, general or administrative cost allocations that are treated as period expenses. Loss
reserves are more common on firm fixed-price contracts that involve, to varying degrees, the design
and development of new and unique controls or control systems to meet the customers 
specifications.

As units are delivered or services are performed.  In 2006, 66% of our sales were recognized as
units were delivered or as service obligations were satisfied in accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Commission s Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 104,  Revenue Recognition.  Revenue is
recognized when the risks and rewards of ownership and title to the product are transferred to the
customer. When engineering or similar services are performed, revenue is recognized upon completion
of the obligation including any delivery of engineering drawings or technical data. This method of
revenue recognition is primarily associated with the Industrial Controls, Medical Devices and
Components segments, as well as with aftermarket activity. Profits are recorded as costs are
relieved from inventory and charged to cost of sales and as revenue is recognized. Inventory costs
include all product-manufacturing costs such as direct material, direct labor, other direct costs
and indirect overhead cost allocations.

Shipping and Handling Costs:  Shipping and handling costs are included in cost of sales.

Research and Development:  Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and include
salaries, benefits, consultants, material costs and depreciation.

Bid and Proposal Costs:  Bid and proposal costs are expensed as incurred and classified as selling,
general and administrative expenses.

Earnings Per Share:  Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding are as follows:

Preferred stock dividends are deducted from net earnings to calculate income available to
common stockholders for basic earnings per share.

On April 1, 2005, we distributed Class A and Class B common stock in a three-for-two stock split,
effected in the form of a 50% stock distribution to shareholders of record as of March 18, 2005. On
February 17, 2004, we distributed Class A and Class B common stock in a three-for-two stock split,
effected in the form of a 50% stock distribution, to shareholders of record as of January 26, 2004.
Share and per share amounts have been restated accordingly.

66 

Table of Contents   

Stock-Based Compensation:  During the first quarter of 2006, we adopted SFAS 123(R),  Share-Based
Payment,  applying the modified prospective method. Under this method, we are required to record
equity-based compensation expense for all awards granted after date of adoption and for the
unvested portion of previously granted awards outstanding as of the date of adoption. Stock
compensation expense is included in selling, general and administrative expenses. We previously
accounted for stock options under the intrinsic value method as prescribed by Accounting Principles
Board Opinion No. 25. The exercise price equals the market price of the underlying common shares on
the date of grant and, therefore, no compensation expense was recognized.

The table below reflects net earnings and net earnings per share for 2006 compared with the pro
forma information for 2005 and 2004 as follows:

(1) 
       
     Net earnings and earnings per share prior to 2006 did not include stock
compensation expense for stock options. 

(2) 
       
     Stock compensation expense prior to 2006
is calculated based on the pro forma application of SFAS No. 123. 

(3) 
       
     Net earnings and earnings per share prior to 2006 represents pro forma information based on SFAS
No. 123. 

As a result of adopting SFAS No. 123(R), for the year ended September 30, 2006, our basic
earnings per share is $.06 lower and our diluted earnings per share is $0.07 lower than had we
continued to account for share-based compensation under SFAS No. 123. Consistent with SFAS No.
123(R), we classified $1,243 of excess tax benefits from share-based payment arrangements as cash
flows from financing activities.

Cash and Cash Equivalents:  All highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months
or less are considered cash equivalents.

Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:  The allowance for doubtful accounts is based on our assessment of
the collectibility of customer accounts. The allowance is determined by considering factors such as
historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable balances and current economic
conditions that may affect a customer s ability to pay.

Inventories:  Inventories are stated at the lower-of-cost-or-market with cost determined primarily
on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method of valuation.

Property, Plant and Equipment:  Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Plant and
equipment are depreciated principally using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
lives of the assets, generally 40 years for buildings, 15 years for building improvements, 12 years
for furniture and fixtures, 10 years for machinery and equipment, 8 years for tooling and test
equipment and 3 to 4 years for computer hardware. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the term of the lease or the estimated useful life of the asset, whichever
is shorter.

Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets:  We test goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit
level on an annual basis or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that
indicate that the fair value of a reporting unit could be below its carrying amount. The impairment
test consists of comparing the fair value of a reporting unit, determined using discounted cash
flows, with its carrying amount including goodwill, and, if the carrying amount of the reporting
unit exceeds its fair value, comparing the implied fair value of goodwill with its carrying amount.
An impairment loss would be recognized for the carrying amount of goodwill in excess of its implied
fair value.

Acquired identifiable intangible assets are recorded at cost and are amortized over their estimated
useful lives. There were no identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives at September 30,
2006.

67 

Table of Contents   

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:  Long-lived assets, including acquired identifiable intangible
assets, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of those assets may not be recoverable. We use undiscounted cash flows to determine
whether impairment exists and measure any impairment loss using discounted cash flows.

Product Warranties:  In the ordinary course of business, we warrant our products against defect in
design, materials and workmanship typically over periods ranging from twelve to thirty-six months.
We determine warranty reserves needed by product line based on historical experience and current
facts and circumstances. Activity in the warranty accrual is summarized as follows:

Financial Instruments:  Our financial instruments consist primarily of cash and cash
equivalents, receivables, notes payable, accounts payable, long-term debt and interest rate swaps.
The carrying values for our financial instruments approximate fair value with the exception at
times of long-term debt. See Note 7 for fair value of long-term debt. We do not hold or issue
financial instruments for trading purposes.

We carry derivative instruments on the balance sheet at fair value, determined by reference to
quoted market prices. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative instrument
depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, if
so, the reason for holding it. Our use of derivative instruments is generally limited to cash flow
hedges of certain interest rate risks and minimizing foreign currency exposure on intercompany
loans.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements:  During the first quarter of 2006, we adopted SFAS 123(R),
 Share-Based Payment,  applying the modified prospective method. This statement requires all
equity-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock options, to be recognized in
the statement of earnings based on the grant date fair value of the award. Under the modified
prospective method, we are required to record equity-based compensation expense for all awards
granted after the date of adoption and for the unvested portion of previously granted awards
outstanding as of the date of adoption. We use a straight-line method of attributing the value of
stock-based compensation expense, subject to minimum levels of expense based on vesting. Stock
compensation expense was $3.5 million in 2006. No stock compensation expense was recognized prior
to 2006.

In June 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,  Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes  (FIN 48). FIN 48 clarifies the accounting and reporting for income taxes recognized in
accordance with SFAS No. 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes.  FIN 48 prescribes a comprehensive
model for the financial statement recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of
uncertain tax positions taken or
expected to be taken on income tax returns. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2006. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting FIN 48 on our consolidated
financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,  Fair Value Measurements.  This statement
establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP), clarifies the definition of fair value within that framework, and expands disclosures about
the use of fair value measurement. SFAS No. 157 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2007 and interim periods within those fiscal years. We are currently evaluating the
impact of adopting SFAS No. 157 on our consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension
and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106 and 132(R).  This
statement requires entities to recognize an asset for a defined benefit postretirement plan s
overfunded status or a liability for a plan s underfunded status in its balance sheet, with changes
in funded status being recognized in comprehensive income in the year in which the changes occur.
This requirement is effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2006. This statement also
requires an entity to measure a defined benefit postretirement plan s assets and obligations that
determine its funded status as of the end of the employers  fiscal year. This requirement is
effective for fiscal years ending after December 15, 2008. We are currently evaluating the impact
of adopting SFAS No. 158 on our consolidated financial statements.

68 

Table of Contents   

Note 2   Acquisitions 

All of our acquisitions are accounted for under the purchase method and, accordingly, the operating
results for the acquired companies are included in the consolidated statements of earnings from the
respective dates of acquisition.

On August 24, 2006, we acquired McKinley Medical by issuing 445,725 shares of Moog Class A common
stock valued at $14,993 and $7 cash. McKinley Medical designs, assembles and distributes disposable
pumps and accessories used principally to administer therapeutic drugs for chemotherapy and
antibiotic applications, and post-operative medication for pain management. This acquisition
further expands our participation in medical markets.

On April 7, 2006, we acquired Curlin Medical and affiliated companies. The adjusted purchase price
was $77,056, which was financed with credit facility borrowings and a $12,000 53-week unsecured
note. Curlin Medical is a manufacturer of infusion pumps that provide controlled delivery of
therapeutic drugs to patients. This acquisition formed our newest segment, Medical Devices, and
expands our participation in medical markets.

On November 23, 2005, we acquired Flo-Tork Inc. The adjusted purchase price was $25,739, which was
financed with credit facility borrowings. Flo-Tork is a leading designer and manufacturer of
hydraulic and pneumatic rotary actuators and specialized cylinders for niche military and
industrial applications. This acquisition not only expands our reach within Industrial Controls,
but also provides new opportunities for naval applications within Space and Defense Controls.

On August 11, 2005, we acquired FCS Control Systems for $46,670, financed primarily with existing
cash in one of our European subsidiaries. FCS Control Systems is a business that produces
high-fidelity electromechanical and electrohydraulic flight and vehicle simulation equipment and
structural test systems for aerospace and automotive applications. This acquisition expands our
market for simulators in Europe and enhances our line of control loading actuation systems within
Industrial Controls.

On July 26, 2005, we acquired the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation and
financed the acquisition with credit facility borrowings. In the first quarter of 2006, we received
$664 in cash from the seller representing a working capital adjustment, resulting in an adjusted
purchase price of $72,086. This business manufactures electric and fiber-optic slip rings for
industrial products, underwater applications and for European military applications. This
acquisition will help us reach new markets and will complement our existing line of products within
Components.

In the second quarter of 2005, we acquired an industrial systems engineering business and a
commercial aircraft repair business for $4,637.

During 2006, we completed our purchase price allocation for the 2005 acquisition of the Power and
Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation. As a result, intangible assets increased by
$7,119 and goodwill decreased by $4,348.

Our purchase price allocations for McKinley Medical and Curlin Medical are based on preliminary
estimates of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These estimates are
substantially complete.

69 

Table of Contents   

Note 3   Receivables 

Receivables consist of:

Long-term contract receivables are primarily associated with prime contractors and
subcontractors in connection with U.S. Government contracts and commercial aircraft and satellite
manufacturers. Amounts billed under long-term contracts to the U.S. Government were $7,121 at
September 30, 2006 and $11,625 at September 24, 2005. Unbilled recoverable costs and accrued
profits under long-term contracts to be billed to the U.S. Government were $ 9,913 at September 30,
2006 and $11,136 at September 24, 2005. Unbilled recoverable costs and accrued profits principally
represent revenues recognized on contracts that were not billable on the balance sheet date. These
amounts will be billed in accordance with the terms of specific contracts, generally as certain
milestones are reached or upon shipment. Substantially all unbilled amounts are expected to be
collected within one year. In situations where billings exceed revenues recognized, the excess is
included in customer advances.

There are no material amounts of claims or unapproved change orders included in the balance sheet.
Balances billed but not paid by customers under retainage provisions are not material.

Concentrations of credit risk on receivables are limited to those from significant customers that
are believed to be financially sound. Receivables from Boeing were $39,889 at September 30, 2006
and $42,422 at September 24, 2005. Receivables from Lockheed Martin were $29,618 at September 30,
2006 and $29,949 at September 24, 2005. We perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers 
financial condition and generally do not require collateral.

70 

Table of Contents   

Note 4   Inventories 

Inventories, net of reserves, consist of:

Note 5   Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment consists of:

Assets under capital leases included in property, plant and equipment are summarized as
follows:

71 

Table of Contents   

Note 6   Goodwill and Intangible Assets 

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for 2006, 2005 and 2004 are as follows:

The components of acquired intangible assets are as follows:

The weighted-average amortization period is eight years for customer-related,
technology-related and marketing-related intangible assets and ten years for artistic-related
intangible assets. In total, these intangible assets have a weighted-average life of eight years.
Amortization of acquired intangible assets was $8,636 in 2006, $2,470 in 2005 and $2,274 in 2004.
Based on acquired intangible assets recorded at September 30, 2006, amortization is estimated to be
$7,838 in 2007, $7,145 in 2008, $6,747 in 2009, $6,685 in 2010 and $6,462 in 2011.

72 

Table of Contents   

Note 7   Indebtedness 

Long-term debt consists of:

On October 25, 2006, we amended our U.S. existing credit facility by entering into the Second
Amended and Restated Loan Agreement. Previously our credit facility consisted of a $75,000 term
loan and a $315,000 million revolver. Our new revolving credit facility, which matures on October
25, 2011, increased our borrowing capacity to $600,000. The credit facility is secured by
substantially all of our U.S. assets. The loan agreement contains various covenants which, among
others, specify minimum consolidated net worth and interest coverage and maximum leverage and
capital expenditures. Interest on outstanding credit facility borrowings is based on LIBOR, plus
the applicable margin, which is currently 100 basis points.

On January 10, 2005, we completed the sale of $150,000 aggregate principal amount of
6  1 / 4  % senior subordinated notes due January 15, 2015 at par with
interest paid semiannually on January 15 and July 15 of each year. On September 12, 2005, we
completed the sale of an additional $50,000 aggregate principal amount of those senior subordinated
notes at 100.25% of par. The aggregate net proceeds of $196,515 were used to repay indebtedness
under our U.S. bank credit facility, thereby increasing the unused portion of our revolving credit
facility.

In addition to our U.S. credit facility, we maintain short-term credit facilities with banks
throughout the world. These short-term facilities are principally demand lines subject to revision
by the banks. At October 25, 2006, we had $483,816 of unused borrowing capacity, including $453,161
from the U.S. credit facility. Commitment fees are charged on some of these arrangements and on the
credit facility based on a percentage of the unused amounts available and are not material.

Other revolving credit facilities and term loans of $14,112 at September 30, 2006 consist of
financing provided by various banks to certain foreign subsidiaries. These loans are being repaid
through 2013 and carry interest rates ranging from 4% to 8%.

Maturities of long-term debt are $19,101 in 2007, $1,667 in 2008, $1,294 in 2009, $953 in 2010,
$158,995 in 2011 and $204,548 thereafter.

At September 30, 2006, we had pledged assets with a net book value of $760,342 as security for
long-term debt.

Our only financial instrument for which the carrying value at times differs from its fair value is
long-term debt. At September 30, 2006, the fair value of long-term debt was $376,451 compared to
its carrying value of $386,558. The fair value of long-term debt was estimated based on quoted
market prices.

73 

Table of Contents   

Note 8   Derivative Financial Instruments 

We principally use derivative financial instruments to manage interest rate risk associated with
long-term debt and foreign exchange risk related to foreign operations and foreign currency
transactions. We enter into derivative financial instruments with a number of major financial
institutions to minimize counterparty credit risk.

Interest rate swaps are used to adjust the proportion of total debt that is subject to variable and
fixed interest rates. The interest rate swaps are designated as hedges of the amount of future cash
flows related to interest payments on variable-rate debt that, in combination with the interest
payments on the debt, convert a portion of the variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. Therefore,
the interest rate swaps are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value and the
related gains or losses are deferred in shareholders  equity as a component of Accumulated Other
Comprehensive Income (AOCI). These deferred gains and losses are amortized into interest expense
during the periods in which the related interest payments on the variable-rate debt affect
earnings. However, to the extent the interest rate swaps are not perfectly effective in offsetting
the change in the value of the interest payments being hedged, the ineffective portion of these
contracts is recognized in earnings immediately. Ineffectiveness was not material in 2006, 2005 or
2004.

During 2003, we entered into interest rate swaps with a $180,000 notional amount, effectively
converting that amount of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. Of the $180,000 notional amount,
$90,000 matured in the second quarter of 2005 and $55,000 matured in the second quarter of 2006. At
September 30, 2006, we had outstanding interest rate swaps with a $35,000 notional amount,
effectively converting that amount of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt. All of the $35,000
notional amount matures in the first quarter of 2007. Based on the current applicable margin, the
interest rate swaps effectively convert these amounts of variable-rate debt to fixed-rate debt at
3.3%, through their maturities, at which times the interest will revert back to a variable rate
based on LIBOR plus the applicable margin.

The fair value of interest rate swaps at September 30, 2006 was $273, which is included in other
current assets. The fair value of interest rate swaps at September 24, 2005 was $1,262, which is
included in other current assets and other non current assets. All of the $86 accumulated gain on
derivatives reported in AOCI at September 30, 2006 is expected to be reclassified to earnings in
the next twelve months as settlements occur.

As a result of the acquisition of the Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation,
we had foreign currency exposure on intercompany loans that are denominated in a foreign currency
and are adjusted to current values using period-end exchange rates. The resulting gains or losses
are recorded in the statement of earnings. To minimize the foreign currency exposure, we entered
into foreign currency forwards with a notional amount of $28,757. The foreign currency forwards are
recorded in our balance sheet at fair value and resulting gains or losses are recorded in our
statement of earnings, generally offsetting the gains or losses from the adjustments on the
intercompany loans. At September 30, 2006, the fair value of the foreign currency forwards was a
$521 liability, most of which was included in current liabilities. At September 24, 2005, the fair
value of the foreign currency forwards was a $638 liability, most of which was included in current
liabilities.

74 

Table of Contents   

Note 9   Employee Benefit Plans 

We maintain defined benefit plans in seven countries covering substantially all employees. The
changes in projected benefit obligations and plan assets and the funded status of the U.S. and
non-U.S. defined benefit plans for 2006 and 2005 are as follows:

Plan assets at September 30, 2006 consist primarily of publicly traded stocks, bonds, mutual
funds, and $40,201 in our stock based on quoted market prices. Our stock included in plan assets
consists of 149,022 shares of Class A common stock and 1,001,034 shares of Class B common stock.
Our funding policy is to contribute at least the amount required by law in the respective
countries.

75 

Table of Contents   

The total accumulated benefit obligation as of the measurement dates for all defined benefit
pension plans was $415,165 in 2006 and $412,847 in 2005. At the measurement date in 2006, two of
our plans had fair values of plan assets totaling $318,027, which exceeded their accumulated
benefit obligations of $306,981. At the measurement date in 2005, one plan s fair value of plan
assets of $6,252 exceeded its accumulated benefit obligation of $5,411. The following table
provides aggregate information for the other pension plans, which have projected benefit
obligations or accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets:

Weighted-average assumptions used to determine benefit obligations as of the measurement dates
and weighted-average assumptions used to determine net periodic benefit cost for 2006, 2005 and
2004 are as follows:

Pension expense for all plans for 2006, 2005 and 2004, including costs for various defined
contribution plans, is as follows:

Pension obligations and the related costs are determined using actuarial valuations that
involve several assumptions. The return on assets assumption reflects the average rate of earnings
expected on funds invested or to be invested to provide for the benefits included in the projected
benefit obligation. We select the return on assets assumption by considering our current and target
asset allocation, which is around 80% equities and 20% debt and other securities for U.S. plan
assets and 60% equities and 40% debt and other securities for non-U.S. plan assets, as well as
historical and expected returns on each category of plan assets.

As of the measurement dates, equity securities represented 85% and 89% of the fair value of U.S.
plan assets and 60% and 65% of the fair value of non-U.S. plan assets in 2006 and 2005,
respectively. Debt and other securities represented 15% and 11% of the fair value of U.S. plan
assets and 40% and 35% of the fair value of non-U.S. plan assets in 2006 and 2005, respectively.

Benefits expected to be paid from U.S. plans are $13,091 in 2007, $14,141 in 2008, $15,280 in 2009,
$16,237 in 2010, $17,151 in 2011 and $107,000 for the five years thereafter. Benefits expected to
be paid from the non-U.S. plans are $2,425 in 2007, $2,772 in 2008, $2,647 in 2009, $2,694 in 2010,
$3,227 in 2011 and $22,987 for the five years thereafter.

76 

Table of Contents   

We presently anticipate contributing approximately $30,000 to the U.S. plan and $6,468 to the
non-U.S. plans in 2007.

Employee and management profit sharing reflects a discretionary payment based on our financial
performance. Profit share expense was $16,524, $11,000 and $11,050 in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively.

We have a Savings and Stock Ownership Plan (SSOP) that includes an Employee Stock Ownership Plan.
As one of the investment alternatives, participants in the SSOP can acquire our stock at market
value, with Moog providing a 25% share match. Shares are allocated and compensation expense is
recognized as the employer share match is earned. At September 30, 2006, the participants in the
SSOP owned 1,195,234 Class A shares and 1,896,124 Class B shares.

We provide postretirement health care benefits to certain domestic retirees, who were hired prior
to October 1, 1989. The changes in the accumulated benefit obligation of this unfunded plan for
2006 and 2005 are shown in the following table. There are no plan assets. The transition obligation
is being recognized over 20 years through 2014.

The cost of the postretirement benefit plan is as follows:

As of the measurement date, the assumed discount rate used in the accounting for the
postretirement benefit obligation was 6.0% in 2006, 5.3% in 2005 and 6.0% in 2004. As of the
measurement date, the assumed discount rate used in the accounting for the net periodic
postretirement benefit cost was 5.3% in 2006, 6.0% in 2005 and 6.5% in 2004.

For measurement purposes, a 10.0%, 7.5% and 12.0% annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of
medical and drug costs before age 65, medical costs after age 65 and drug costs after age 65,
respectively,
were assumed for 2007, all gradually decreasing to 5.0% for 2015 and years thereafter. A one
percentage point increase in this rate would increase our accumulated postretirement benefit
obligation as of the measurement date in 2006 by $1,108, while a one percentage point decrease in
this rate would decrease our accumulated postretirement benefit obligation by $999. A one
percentage point increase or decrease in this rate would not have a material effect on the total
service cost and interest cost components of the net periodic postretirement benefit cost.

77 

Table of Contents   

Note 10   Income Taxes 

The reconciliation of the provision for income taxes to the amount computed by applying the U.S.
federal statutory tax rate to earnings before income taxes is as follows:

At September 30, 2006, certain foreign subsidiaries had net operating loss carryforwards
totaling $29,821. These loss carryforwards do not expire and can be used to reduce current taxes
otherwise due on future earnings of those subsidiaries. The increase in the valuation allowance
relates to net operating losses in Luxembourg and state investment tax credits and reflects recent
operating performance and future financial projections, tax planning strategies and the allowable
tax carry forward period.

No provision has been made for U.S. federal or foreign taxes on that portion of certain foreign
subsidiaries  undistributed earnings ($214,553 at September 30, 2006) considered to be permanently
reinvested. It is not practicable to determine the amount of tax that would be payable if these
amounts were repatriated to us.

The components of income taxes are as follows:

78 

Table of Contents   

The effective income tax rate increased in 2006 due to lower foreign tax credits available in
the U.S. and a tax charge resulting from a tax decision by the European tax court offset partially
by lower overall taxes on foreign earnings.

The tax effects of temporary differences that generated deferred tax assets and liabilities are
detailed in the following table. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become
deductible. Management considers projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in
making its assessment of the recoverability of deferred tax assets.

Net deferred tax assets are included in the balance sheet as follows:

79 

Table of Contents   

Note 11   Shareholders  Equity 

Class A and Class B common stock share equally in our earnings, and are identical with certain
exceptions. Other than on matters relating to the election of directors or as required by law where
the holders of Class A and Class B shares vote as separate classes, Class A shares have limited
voting rights, with each share of Class A being entitled to one-tenth of a vote on most matters,
and each share of Class B being entitled to one vote. Class A shareholders are entitled, subject to
certain limitations, to elect at least 25% of the Board of Directors (rounded up to the nearest
whole number) with Class B shareholders entitled to elect the balance of the directors. No cash
dividend may be paid on Class B shares unless at least an equal cash dividend is paid on Class A
shares. Class B shares are convertible at any time into Class A shares on a one-for-one basis at
the option of the shareholder. The number of common shares issued reflects conversion of Class B to
Class A of 68,181 in 2006, 11,345 in 2005 and 149,512 in 2004.

Class A shares reserved for issuance at September 30, 2006 are as follows:

On February 21, 2006, we completed the offering and sale of 2,875,000 shares of Class A common
stock at a price of $31 per share. We used the net proceeds of $84,497 to pay down outstanding
credit facility borrowings, some of which were reborrowed in April 2006 to finance the Curlin
Medical acquisition.

The Board of Directors of Moog approved a three-for-two stock split, effected in the form of a 50%
stock distribution, of its Class A and Class B common stock to shareholders of record on March 18,
2005, distributed April 1, 2005. As a result, the number of Class A common shares outstanding
increased from 22,920,288 to 34,378,961 and the number of Class B common shares outstanding
increased from 3,138,200 to 4,707,100 on the distribution date. The Board of Directors of Moog
approved a three-for-two stock split, effected in the form of a 50% stock distribution, of its
Class A and Class B common stock to shareholders of record on January 26, 2004, distributed
February 17, 2004. As a result, the number of Class A common shares outstanding increased from
15,237,995 to 22,856,443 and the number of Class B common shares outstanding increased from
2,092,541 to 3,138,626 on the distribution date.

All other share and per share amounts included in the financial statements have been restated to
show the effects of the stock splits.

We are authorized to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock. On January 2, 2004, 83,771
outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically converted into 24,273 shares of Class
A common stock. The Board of Directors may authorize, without further shareholder action, the
issuance of additional preferred stock which ranks senior to both classes of our common stock with
respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets on liquidation. The preferred
stock, when issued, would have such designations relative to voting and conversion rights,
preferences, privileges and limitations as determined by the Board of Directors.

80 

Table of Contents   

Note 12   Stock Options 

We have stock option plans that authorize the issuance of options for shares of Class A common
stock to directors, officers and key employees. Stock option grants are designed to reward
long-term contributions to Moog and provide incentives for recipients to remain with Moog. The 2003
Stock Option Plan (2003 Plan) authorizes the issuance of options for 1,350,000 shares of Class A
common stock. The 1998 Stock Option Plan (1998 Plan) authorizes the issuance of options for
2,025,000 shares of Class A common stock. Under the terms of the plans, options may be either
incentive or non-qualified. Options issued as of September 30, 2006 consisted of both incentive
options and non-qualified options. The exercise price, determined by a committee of the Board of
Directors, may not be less than the fair market value of the Class A common stock on the grant
date. Options become exercisable over periods not exceeding ten years.

In 2006, we adopted SFAS 123(R),  Share-Based Payment,  applying the modified prospective method.
This Statement requires all equity-based payments to employees, including grants of employee stock
options, to be recognized in the statement of earnings based on the grant date fair value of the
award. Under the modified prospective method, we are required to record equity-based compensation
expense for all awards granted after the date of adoption and for the unvested portion of
previously granted awards outstanding as of the date of adoption. We use a straight-line method of
attributing the value of stock-based compensation expense, subject to minimum levels of expense,
based on vesting.

Stock compensation expense recognized is based on share-based payment awards that are ultimately
expected to vest. Vesting requirements vary for directors, officers and key employees. In general,
options granted to outside directors vest one year from the date of grant, options granted to
officers vest on various schedules and options granted to key employees are graded vested over a
five-year period from the date of grant.

The fair value of stock options granted was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model. The weighted average fair value of the options was $11.22, $9.55 and $6.89
for options granted during 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The following table provides the
range of assumptions used to value stock options granted during 2006, 2005 and 2004.

To determine expected volatility, we use historical volatility based on weekly closing prices
of our Class A common stock over periods that correlate with the expected terms of the options
granted. The risk-free rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve at the time of grant
for the appropriate term of the options granted. Expected dividends are based on our history and
expectation of dividend payouts. The expected term of stock options is based on vesting schedules,
expected exercise patterns and contractual terms.

The following table summarizes information about stock options outstanding and exercisable at
September 30, 2006.

81 

Table of Contents   

Shares under options are as follows:

The aggregate intrinsic value in the preceding table represents the total pretax intrinsic
value, based on our closing stock price of Class A common stock of $34.66 as of September 30, 2006,
which would have been received by the option holders had all option holders exercised their options
as of that date. The intrinsic value of options exercised in the 1998 Plan during 2006, 2005 and
2004 was $5,858, $2,937 and $4,777, respectively. The intrinsic value of options exercised in the
2003 Plan during 2006 was $486.

The fair value of shares in the 1998
Plan that vested during 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $5.07, $4.60 and $4.16,
respectively. The fair value of shares in the 2003 Plan that vested during 2006 was $8.63.

As of September 30, 2006, total unvested compensation expense associated with stock options
amounted to $6,833 and will be recognized over a weighted-average period of three years.

82 

Table of Contents   

Note 13   Stock Employee Compensation Trust 

In 2004, we established a Stock Employee Compensation Trust (SECT) to assist in administering and
provide funding for employee stock plans and benefit programs, including the Moog Inc. Savings and
Stock Ownership Plan (SSOP).The shares in the SECT are not considered outstanding for purposes of
calculating earnings per share. However, in accordance with the trust agreement governing the SECT,
the SECT trustee votes all shares held by the SECT on all matters submitted to shareholders.

Note 14   Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, consists of:

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, consists of:

Note 15   Segments 

Aircraft Controls.  Our largest segment is Aircraft Controls. This segment generates revenues from
three major markets: military aircraft, commercial aircraft and aftermarket support. We
differentiate ourself in these markets by offering a complete range of technologies, system
integration capabilities and superior customer service.

We design, manufacture and integrate primary and secondary flight controls for military and
commercial aircraft and provide aftermarket support. Our systems control large commercial
transports, supersonic fighters, multi-role military aircraft, business jets and rotorcraft.

We are currently working on several large development programs including the F-35 Joint Strike
Fighter, Indian Light Combat Aircraft, Boeing 787 Dreamliner, Airbus A400M and the X-47 unmanned
aerial vehicle. Our large military production programs include the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, F-15
Eagle and the V-22 Osprey. The large commercial production programs include the full line of Boeing
7-series of aircraft. Aftermarket sales, including repairs and spare parts, represented 37% of
Aircraft Control sales in 2006. Aircraft Controls customers include Airbus, BAE, Boeing,
Bombardier, Honeywell and Lockheed Martin.

Space and Defense Controls.  Space and Defense Controls has several important markets that generate
segment revenues such as satellites and space vehicles, launch vehicles, strategic missiles,
missile defense, tactical missiles and defense controls. We differentiate ourself in these markets
by having unique competence in the most difficult applications, complex motion and fluid control
systems technology, innovative design and comprehensive project management.

For the commercial and military satellite markets, we design, manufacture and integrate chemical
and electric propulsion systems and space flight motion controls. Launch vehicles and missiles use
our steering and propulsion controls, and the Space Station uses its couplings, valves and
actuators. Customers include Alliant Techsystems, Lockheed Martin, Astrium, Raytheon and Boeing.

83 

Table of Contents   

Industrial Controls.  Industrial Controls is a diverse segment, serving customers around the world
and in many markets. Six major markets, plastics making machinery, power generating turbines, metal
forming, heavy industry, test and simulation, generate nearly two-thirds of total sales in this
segment. We differentiate ourself in industrial markets by providing performance-based, customized
products and systems, process expertise, best-in-class products in every leading technology and
superior aftermarket support. As a result of the acquisition of FCS Control Systems, we have
enhanced our simulator and automotive test markets.

For the plastics making machinery market, we design, manufacture and integrate systems for all axes
of injection and blow molding machines using leading edge technology, both hydraulic and electric.
In the power generation turbine market, we design, manufacture and integrate complete control
assemblies for fuel, steam and variable geometry control applications that include wind turbines.
Metal forming markets use Moog designed and manufactured systems that provide precise control of
position, velocity, force, pressure, acceleration and other critical parameters. Heavy industry
uses our high precision electrical and hydraulic servovalves for steel and aluminum mill equipment.
For the material test markets, we supply controls for automotive, structural and fatigue testing.
Its hydraulic and electromechanical motion simulation bases are used for the flight simulation and
training markets. Other markets include material handling and testing, auto racing, carpet tufting,
paper mills and lumber mills. Customers include FlightSafety, Tuftco, Huskey, Cooper and
Schlumberger.

Components.  Components shares many of the same markets, including military and commercial
aerospace, defense controls and industrial applications, that drive sales in our other segments. In
addition, Components serves two medical equipment markets. As a result of the acquisition of the
Power and Data Technologies Group of the Kaydon Corporation in July 2005, we entered into the
market of highly specialized marine applications.

This segment s three largest product categories are slip rings, fiber optic rotary joints and
motors. Slip rings and fiber optic rotary joints allow unimpeded rotation while delivering power
and data across a rotating joint using sliding contacts or fiber optics. They come in a range of
sizes that allow them to be used in many applications that include diagnostic imaging, particularly
CT scan medical equipment featuring high-speed data communications, de-icing and data transfer for
rotorcraft, forward-looking infrared camera installations, radar pedestals, material handling,
surveillance cameras, packaging and robotics.

Components has several other product lines that include the design and manufacture of
electromechanical actuators for military, aerospace and commercial applications, fiber optic modems
that provide electrical to optical conversion of communication and data signals, avionic
instrumentation, optical switches and resolvers. Customers include Respironics, Raytheon, Lockheed
Martin, Honeywell, Litton Precision Products and the U.S. Government.

Medical Devices.  Medical Devices is our newest segment, formed as a result of the acquisitions of
Curlin Medical and McKinley Medical in 2006. This segment operates within the overall healthcare
market, which is experiencing significant growth. Moog is beginning to differentiate itself in this
market by advancing technology used in infusion therapy and establishing key relationships with
distribution and manufacturing companies.

Our primary products are electronic ambulatory infusion pumps along with the necessary
administration sets and disposable infusion pumps. Applications of these products include
controlled delivery of fluids to the body, nutrition, post-operative pain management, regional
anesthesia, chemotherapy and antibiotics. We reach our customers by using distributors including B.
Braun and D.J. Ortho.

84 

Table of Contents   

Segment information for the years ended 2006, 2005 and 2004 and reconciliations to consolidated
amounts are as follows:

Operating profit is net sales less cost of sales and other operating expenses, excluding stock
compensation expense and other corporate expenses. Cost of sales and other operating expenses are
directly identifiable to the respective segment or allocated on the basis of sales or manpower.

85 

Table of Contents   

Sales, based on the customer s location, and property, plant and equipment by geographic area
are as follows:

Sales to Boeing were $116,911, $112,779 and $119,167 in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively,
including sales to Boeing Commercial Airplanes of $46,017, $35,726 and $30,608 in 2006, 2005, and
2004, respectively. Sales to Lockheed Martin were $112,246, $103,259 and $94,921 in 2006, 2005 and
2004, respectively. Sales arising from U.S. Government prime or sub-contracts, including military
sales to Boeing and Lockheed Martin, were $426,267, $358,234 and $356,705 in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. Sales to Boeing, Lockheed Martin and the U.S. Government and its prime- or
sub-contractors are made primarily from the Aircraft Controls and Space and Defense Controls
segments.

Note 16   Commitments and Contingencies 

From time to time, we are named as a defendant in legal actions. We are not a party to any pending
legal proceedings which management believes will result in a material adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations.

We are engaged in administrative proceedings with governmental agencies and legal proceedings with
governmental agencies and other third parties in the normal course of our business, including
litigation under Superfund laws, regarding environmental matters. We believe that adequate reserves
have been established for our share of the estimated cost for all currently pending environmental
administrative or legal proceedings and do not expect that these environmental matters will have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

We lease certain facilities and equipment under operating lease arrangements. These arrangements
may include fair market renewal or purchase options. Rent expense under operating leases amounted
to $17,790 in 2006, $16,660 in 2005 and $15,917 in 2004. Future minimum rental payments required
under noncancelable operating leases are $13,706 in 2007, $11,402 in 2008, $8,213 in 2009, $6,304
in 2010, $4,779 in 2011 and $11,824 thereafter.

We are contingently liable for $11,339 of standby letters of credit issued by a bank to third
parties on behalf of Moog at September 30, 2006. Purchase commitments outstanding at September 30,
2006 are $348,888, including $24,509 for property, plant and equipment.

86 

Table of Contents   

Note 17
  Quarterly Data - Unaudited 
 Net Sales and Earnings 

Note: Quarterly amounts may not add to the total due to rounding.

87 

Table of Contents   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and Board of Directors of Moog Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Moog Inc. as of September 30, 2006
and September 24, 2005, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity,
and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006. Our audits also
included the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a). These financial
statements and schedule are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on these financial statements and schedule based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Moog Inc. at September 30, 2006 and September 24,
2005, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years
in the period ended September 30, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. Also, in our opinion, the related financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material
respects the information set forth therein.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, effective September 25, 2005, the
Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R),
 Share-Based Payment. 

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the effectiveness of Moog Inc. s internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated November 20, 2006
expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Buffalo, New York 
November 20, 2006

88 

Table of Contents   

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act.
Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 based upon the framework in
Internal Control   Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting is effective as of September 30, 2006.

We completed three acquisitions in fiscal year 2006, which were excluded from our management s
report on internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006. On November 23, 2005,
we acquired Flo-Tork Inc., on April 7, 2006, we acquired Curlin Medical Inc. and affiliates and on
August 24, 2006, we acquired McKinley Medical LLC, which are included in our 2006 consolidated
financial statements and collectively constituted $124.8 million and $119.8 million of total and
net assets, respectively, as of September 30, 2006 and $22.9 million and $0.0 million of net sales
and net earnings, respectively, for the year then ended.

Ernst   Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our consolidated
financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and, as part of their audit, has
issued their report, included herein, (1) on our management assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting and (2) on the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting.

By 

ROBERT T. BRADY 

Robert T. Brady 

Chairman of the Board, 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 

and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 

ROBERT R. BANTA  

Robert R. Banta 

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

and Director 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

89 

Table of Contents   

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING 

Shareholders and Board of Directors of Moog Inc.

We have audited management s assessment, included in the accompanying Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Moog Inc. maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (the COSO criteria). Moog Inc. s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on management s
assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial
reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

As indicated in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting,
management s assessment of and conclusion on the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting did not include the internal controls of Flo-Tork Inc. acquired on November 23, 2005,
Curlin Medical Inc. and affiliates acquired on April 7, 2006 and McKinley Medical LLC acquired on
August 24, 2006, which are included in the 2006 consolidated financial statements of Moog Inc. and
collectively constituted $124.8 million and $119.8 million of total and net assets, respectively,
as of September 30, 2006 and $22.9 million and $0.0 million of net sales and net earnings,
respectively, for the year then ended. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting of
Moog Inc. also did not include an evaluation of the internal control over financial reporting of
Flo-Tork Inc. acquired on November 23, 2005, Curlin Medical Inc. acquired on April 7, 2006 and McKinley
Medical LLC acquired on August 24, 2006.

In our opinion, management s assessment that Moog Inc. maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on
the COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, Moog Inc. maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Moog Inc. as of September 30, 2006 and
September 24, 2005, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, shareholders  equity, and
cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006 of Moog Inc. and our
report dated November 20, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

Buffalo, New York 
November 20, 2006

90 

Table of Contents   

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

Not applicable.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures.

We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the
design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the
period covered by this report, to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed
or submitted under the Exchange Act is made known to them on a timely basis, and that these
disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure such information is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
Commission s rules and forms.

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

See the report appearing under Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplemental Data on page 89 of
this report.

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent
fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information. 

Not applicable.

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant. 

The information required herein with respect to our directors and certain information required
herein with respect to our executive officers is incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy. Other
information required herein is included in Item 1, Business, under  Executive Officers of the
Registrant  on pages 36 and 37 of this report.

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial
Officer and Controller. The code of ethics is available upon request without charge by contacting
our Chief Financial Officer at (716) 652-2000.

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
Matters. 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information required herein is incorporated by reference to the 2006 Proxy.

91 

Table of Contents   

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a) Documents filed as part of this report:

1.  
       
      Index to Financial Statements.  

The following financial statements are included: 

II. 
       
     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. 

Schedules other than that listed above are omitted because the conditions requiring their
filing do not exist, or because the required information is provided in the Consolidated
Financial Statements, including the Notes thereto.

3.  
       
      Exhibits  

The exhibits required to be filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K have been included
as follows: 

(2) 
       
      (i) Stock Purchase Agreement between Moog Inc., Moog Torrance Inc. and AlliedSignal Inc.,
incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K
dated June 15, 1994.

(ii) 
       
     Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 22, 1996 between Moog Inc., Moog Controls
Inc., International Motion Control Inc., Enidine Holdings, L.P. and Enidine Holding Inc.,
incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 1996. 

(iii) 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 20, 1998 between Raytheon Aircraft Company and Moog
Inc., incorporated by reference to exhibit 2(i) of our report on Form 8-K dated November 30,
1998. 

(iv) 
       
     Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Litton Systems, Inc. and Moog Inc. dated
as of August 14, 2003, incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated
September 4, 2003. 

(v) 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Kaydon Corporation, Kaydon Corporation Limited and
Kaydon Acquisition IX, Inc. and Moog Inc., Moog Controls Limited and Moog Canada Corporation
dated July 26, 2005, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended June 25, 2005. 

(3) 
       
      (i) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Moog Inc., incorporated by reference to exhibit
(3) of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
September 30, 1989.

(ii) 
       
     Restated By-laws of Moog Inc., incorporated by reference to appendix B of the proxy
statement filed under Schedule 14A on December 2, 2003. 

92 

Table of Contents   

(ii) 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture between Moog Inc. and Banc of America Securities, LLC, dated
as of September 12, 2005, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4(ii) of our report on Form 10-K for
the year ended September 24, 2005. 

(iii) 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement between Moog Inc. and Banc of America Securities, LLC,
dated as of September 12, 2005, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4(iii) of our report on Form 10-K for
the year ended September 24, 2005. 

93 

Table of Contents   

(i) 
       
     Moog AG, Incorporated in Switzerland, wholly-owned subsidiary with branch operation
in Ireland  

(ii) 
       
     Moog Australia Pty. Ltd., Incorporated in Australia, wholly-owned subsidiary

(iii) 
       
     Moog do Brasil Controles Ltda., Incorporated in Brazil, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog de Argentina Srl, Incorporated in Argentina, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog do
Brasil Controles Ltda. 

(iv) 
       
     Moog Controls Corporation, Incorporated in Ohio, wholly-owned subsidiary with branch
operation in the Republic of the Philippines 

(v) 
       
     Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China, wholly-owned
subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Motion Controls (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd. 

(b) 
       
     Moog Control System (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd. 

(vi) 
       
     Moog Controls (India) Private Ltd., Incorporated in India, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(vii) 
       
     Moog Controls Ltd., Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Norden A.B., Incorporated in Sweden, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Ltd. 

(b) 
       
     Moog OY, Incorporated in Finland, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Ltd. 

(c) 
       
     Moog Components Group Limited, Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Moog Controls Ltd. 

(viii) 
       
     Moog Europe Holdings y Cia, S.C.S., Incorporated in Spain, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Holding GmbH KG, a partnership organized in Germany, wholly-owned by Moog Europe
Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(1) 
       
     Moog GmbH, Incorporated in Germany, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Holding GmbH KG 

(1.a) Moog Italiana S.r.l., Incorporated in Italy, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog GmbH

(2) 
       
     Moog Hydrolux Sarl, Incorporated in Luxembourg, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog
Holding GmbH KG 

(3) 
       
     Pro Control AG, Incorporated in Switzerland, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog
Holding GmbH KG 

(4) 
       
     Moog FCS BV, Incorporated in the Netherlands, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog
Holding GmbH KG 

(4.a) Moog FCS Limited, Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Moog FCS BV

(b) 
       
     Moog Verwaltungs GmbH, Incorporated in Germany, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Europe
Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(c) 
       
     Moog Ireland International Financial Services Centre Limited, Incorporated in Ireland,
wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Europe Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(d) 
       
     Focal Technologies Corporation, Incorporated in Canada, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog
Europe Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(ix) 
       
     Moog FSC Ltd., Incorporated in the Virgin Islands, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(x) 
       
     Moog Holland Aircraft Services BV, Incorporated in Holland, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xi) 
       
     Moog Japan Ltd., Incorporated in Japan, wholly-owned subsidiary 

94 

Table of Contents   

(xii) 
       
     Moog Korea Ltd., Incorporated in South Korea, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xiii) 
       
     Moog Sarl, Incorporated in France, wholly-owned subsidiary, 95% owned by Moog Inc.; 5%
owned by Moog GmbH 

(xiv) 
       
     Moog Singapore Pte. Ltd., Incorporated in Singapore, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Motion Controls Private Limited, Incorporated in India, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Moog Singapore Pte. Ltd. 

(xv) 
       
     Curlin Medical Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xvi) 
       
     Flo-Tork Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xvii) 
       
     Fundamental Technology Solutions, Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

95 

Table of Contents   
\

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts   Fiscal Years 2004, 2005 and 2006 

96 

Table of Contents   

Signatures 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, we have
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Moog Inc. 

(Registrant) 

Date: November 28, 2006 

By 

ROBERT T. BRADY  

Robert T. Brady  

Chairman of the Board, 

President, Chief Executive Officer, 

and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By 

ROBERT R. BANTA  

Robert R. Banta 

Executive Vice President, 

Chief Financial Officer, 

and Director 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

By 

DONALD R. FISHBACK  

Donald R. Fishback 

Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant.

By 

RICHARD A. AUBRECHT 

By  
       
      KRAIG H. KAYSER  

Richard A. Aubrecht 

Kraig H. Kayser 

Director

Director 

By 

RAYMOND W. BOUSHIE

Raymond W. Boushie 

By 

BRIAN J. LIPKE

Brian J. Lipke 

Director

Director 

By 

JAMES L. GRAY 

By  
       
      ROBERT H. MASKREY  

James L. Gray  
Director

Robert H. Maskrey  
Director

By 

JOE C. GREEN

Joe C. Green 

By 

ALBERT F. MYERS

Albert F. Myers 

Director

Director 

By 

JOHN D. HENDRICK  

John D. Hendrick 

Director 

97 

Table of Contents   

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit   
       Description   

(2) 
       
     (i) 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement between Moog Inc., Moog Torrance Inc. and AlliedSignal Inc., incorporated by
reference to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated June 15, 1994. 

(ii) 
       
     Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of September 22, 1996 between Moog Inc., Moog Controls Inc.,
International Motion Control Inc., Enidine Holdings, L.P. and Enidine Holding Inc., incorporated by reference
to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated October 28, 1996. 

(iii) 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 20, 1998 between Raytheon Aircraft Company and Moog Inc.,
incorporated by reference to exhibit 2(i) of our report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 1998. 

(iv) 
       
     Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement by and between Litton Systems, Inc. and Moog Inc. dated as of August 14,
2003, incorporated by reference to exhibit 2.1 of our report on Form 8-K dated September 4, 2003. 

(v) 
       
     Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Kaydon Corporation, Kaydon Corporation
Limited and Kaydon Acquisition IX, Inc. and Moog Inc., Moog Controls Limited and
Moog Canada Corporation dated July 26, 2005, incorporated by reference to
exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 25, 2005. 

(3) 
       
     (i) 
       
     Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Moog Inc., incorporated by reference to exhibit (3) of our
Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1989. 

(ii) 
       
     Restated By-laws of Moog Inc., incorporated by reference to appendix B of the proxy statement filed under
Schedule 14A on December 2, 2003. 

(4) 
       
     (i) 
       
     Form of Indenture between Moog Inc. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as
Trustee, dated January 10, 2005, relating to the 6 1/4% Senior Subordinated Notes
due 2015, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4.1 of our report on Form 8-K
dated January 5, 2005. 

(ii) 
       
     First Supplemental Indenture between Moog Inc. and Banc of America Securities, LLC, dated as of
September 12, 2005, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4(ii) of our report on Form 10-K for the year
ended September 24, 2005. 

(iii) 
       
     Registration Rights Agreement between Moog Inc. and Banc of America Securities, LLC, dated as of
September 12, 2005, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4(iii) of our report on Form 10-K for the year
ended September 24, 2005. 

(9) 
       
     (i) 
       
     Agreement as to Voting, effective November 30, 1983, incorporated by
reference to exhibit (i) of our report on Form 8-K dated December 9, 1983. 

(ii) 
       
     Agreement as to Voting, effective October 15, 1988, incorporated by
reference to exhibit (i) of our report on Form 8-K dated November 30, 1988. 

(10) 
       
     (i) 
       
     Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors and Officers, amended and
restated May 16, 2002, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10(ii) of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 28, 2002. 

(ii) 
       
     Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit 4(b)
of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 1989. 

(iii) 
       
     Form of Employment Termination Benefits Agreement between Moog Inc. and Employee-Officers, incorporated
by reference to exhibit 10(vii) of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 1999. 

(iv) 
       
     Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended and restated, effective October 1,
1978 - amended August 30, 1983, May 19, 1987, August 30, 1988, December 12,
1996, November 11, 1999 and November 29, 2001, incorporated by reference to
exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 2002. 

(v) 
       
     1998 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of the proxy
statement filed under Schedule 14A on January 5, 1998. 

(vi) 
       
     2003 Stock Option Plan, incorporated by reference to exhibit A of the proxy
statement filed under Schedule 14A on January 9, 2003. 

Table of Contents   

(vii) 
       
     Moog Inc. Stock Employee Compensation Trust Agreement effective December
2, 2003, incorporated by reference to  exhibit 10.1 of our report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended December 31, 2003. 

(viii) 
       
      Form of Indemnification Agreement for officers, directors and key
employees, incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1  of our report on Form 8-K
dated November 30, 2004. 

(ix) 
       
     Forms of Stock Option Agreements under 1998 Stock Option Plan and 2003
Stock Option Plan, incorporated by  reference to exhibit 10.12 of our Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 25, 2004. 

(x) 
       
     Description of Management Profit Sharing Program, incorporated by reference
to exhibit 10.1 of our report on  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 26, 2005. 

(xi) 
       
     Second Amended and Restated Loan Agreement between Moog Inc., HSBC Bank USA, National Association,
 
Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, Bank of America, N.A. and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. dated as of
October 25, 2006, incorporated by reference to exhibit (10.1) of our report on Form 8-K dated October 25, 2006. 

(21) 
       
     Our subsidiaries. 

(i) 
       
     Moog AG, Incorporated in Switzerland, wholly-owned subsidiary with branch operation in Ireland 

(ii) 
       
     Moog Australia Pty. Ltd., Incorporated in Australia, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(iii) 
       
     Moog do Brasil Controles Ltda., Incorporated in Brazil, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog de Argentina Srl, Incorporated in Argentina, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog do Brasil Controles Ltda. 

(iv) 
       
     Moog Controls Corporation, Incorporated in Ohio, wholly-owned subsidiary with branch operation in the
 Republic of the Philippines 

(v) 
       
     Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Motion Controls (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China, wholly-owned
subsidiary of  Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd. 

(b) 
       
     Moog Control System (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Incorporated in People s Republic of China, wholly-owned
subsidiary of  Moog Controls Hong Kong Ltd. 

(vi) 
       
     Moog Controls (India) Private Ltd., Incorporated in India, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(vii) 
       
     Moog Controls Ltd., Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Norden A.B., Incorporated in Sweden, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Ltd. 

(b) 
       
     Moog OY, Incorporated in Finland, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Controls Ltd. 

(c) 
       
     Moog Components Group Limited, Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog
 Controls Ltd. 

(viii) 
       
      Moog Europe Holdings y Cia, S.C.S., Incorporated in Spain, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Holding GmbH KG, a partnership organized in Germany, wholly-owned by
Moog Europe Holdings y Cia,  S.C.S. 

(1 
     ) 
     Moog GmbH, Incorporated in Germany, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Holding GmbH KG 

(1.a 
     ) 
     Moog Italiana S.r.l., Incorporated in Italy, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog GmbH 

(2 
     ) 
     Moog Hydrolux Sarl, Incorporated in Luxembourg, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Holding
GmbH KG 

(3 
     ) 
     Pro Control AG, Incorporated in Switzerland, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Holding GmbH KG 

(4 
     ) 
     Moog FCS BV, Incorporated in the Netherlands, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Holding GmbH KG 

(4.a 
     ) 
     Moog FCS Limited, Incorporated in the United Kingdom, wholly-owned
subsidiary of Moog FCS BV 

Table of Contents   

(b) 
       
     Moog Verwaltungs GmbH, Incorporated in Germany, wholly-owned subsidiary of
Moog Europe Holdings y Cia,  S.C.S. 

(c) 
       
     Moog Ireland International Financial Services Centre Limited, Incorporated in Ireland, wholly-owned
subsidiary of  Moog Europe Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(d) 
       
     Focal Technologies Corporation, Incorporated in Canada, wholly-owned subsidiary of  Moog Europe
Holdings y Cia, S.C.S. 

(ix) 
       
     Moog FSC Ltd., Incorporated in the Virgin Islands, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(x) 
       
     Moog Holland Aircraft Services BV, Incorporated in Holland, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xi) 
       
     Moog Japan Ltd., Incorporated in Japan, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xii) 
       
     Moog Korea Ltd., Incorporated in South Korea, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xiii) 
       
      Moog Sarl, Incorporated in France, wholly-owned subsidiary, 95% owned by Moog Inc.; 5% owned by
Moog GmbH 

(xiv) 
       
     Moog Singapore Pte. Ltd., Incorporated in Singapore, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(a) 
       
     Moog Motion Controls Private Limited, Incorporated in India, wholly-owned subsidiary of Moog Singapore
Pte. Ltd. 

(xv) 
       
     Curlin Medical Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xvi) 
       
     Flo-Tork Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(xvii) 
       
      Fundamental Technology Solutions, Inc., Incorporated in Delaware, wholly-owned subsidiary 

(23) 
       
     Consent of Ernst   Young LLP. (Filed herewith) 

(31.1) 
       
     Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) as adopted pursuant to
Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith) 

(31.2) 
       
     Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted pursuant to
Section 302 of the  Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. (Filed herewith) 

(32.1) 
       
     Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002.  (Furnished herewith) 

<EX-23>
 2
 l23134aexv23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in (a) the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No.
333-135222, Form S-8 No. 333-85657, Form S-8 No. 33-57131, Form S-8 No. 33-62968, Form S-8 No.
33-33958, Form S-8 No. 33-20069) pertaining to the Moog Inc. Savings and Stock Ownership Plan, (b)
the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-73439) pertaining to the Moog Inc. 1998 Stock Option
Plan, (c) the Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-138406, Form S-3 No. 333-131801) of Moog
Inc. and in the related Prospectus, (d) the Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-111107)
pertaining to the Moog Inc. 2003 Stock Option Plan, of our reports dated November 20, 2006 with
respect to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of Moog Inc.,
Moog Inc. management s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Moog Inc.,
included in the Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the year ended September 30, 2006.

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP

Buffalo, New York 
November 28, 2006

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 l23134aexv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) as adopted 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert T. Brady, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Moog Inc.; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent
functions): 

a) 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date November 28, 2006

/s/ Robert T. Brady

Robert T. Brady

Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 l23134aexv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) as adopted 
pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Robert R. Banta, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Moog Inc.; 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made
known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

b) 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal
control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and 

d) 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent
evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent
functions): 

a) 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation
of internal control
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

b) 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date November 28, 2006

/s/ Robert R. Banta

Robert R. Banta

Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 l23134aexv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification pursuant to 
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
as adopted pursuant to 
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, the undersigned officers of Moog Inc. (the  Company ) hereby certify that:

The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006 fully complies with
the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and the
information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: November 28, 2006

/s/ Robert T. Brady

Robert T. Brady

Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Robert R. Banta

Robert R. Banta

Chief Financial Officer

This certification shall not be deemed  filed  for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability of
that section. This certification shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any
filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent
specifically incorporated by the Company into such filing.

</EX-32.1>

