<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061215_10-K_edgar_data_90168_0000950152-06-010193_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>598453</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>177138</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>249135</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>42</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>6</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950152-06-010193.hdr.sgml : 20061215
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061215140753
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-06-010193
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061215
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061215

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIFCO INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000090168
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AIRCRAFT ENGINES & ENGINE PARTS [3724]
		IRS NUMBER:				340553950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05978
		FILM NUMBER:		061279879

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		970 E 64TH ST
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44103
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2168818600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		970 EAST 64TH STREET
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44103

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STEEL IMPROVEMENT & FORGE CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690520

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 SSsfFifI9xIbWfHENJQI3JGqCckZHlIKhaRPSeBenXiy+3Vys39o+DGkRzeUptQQ
 HLL+mZikL8+5DSX2c9GkqA==

 0000950152-06-010193.txt : 20061215

10-K
 1
 l23637ae10vk.htm
 SIFCO INDUSTRIES, INC.   10-K

SIFCO Industries, Inc.    10-K 

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006

or 

For the transition period from                        to                       

Commission file number    1-5978  

SIFCO Industries, Inc.  

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(216) 881-8600

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Shares, $1 Par Value

American Stock Exchange 

(Title of each class)

(Name of each exchange on which registered) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer,
or a non-accelerated filer (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act).

large accelerated filer               accelerated filer               non-accelerated filer    

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act).
Yes     No    

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates
computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and
asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter is $14,571,861.

The number of the Registrant s Common Shares outstanding at October 31, 2006 was 5,221,891.

Documents incorporated by reference: Portions of the Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of
Shareholders on January 30, 2007 (Part III). 

TABLE OF CONTENTS  

PART I   
     Item 1. Business   
     Item 2. Properties   
     Item 3. Legal Proceedings   
     Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders   
   PART II   
     Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities   
     Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data   
     Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations   
     Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk   
     Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data   
     Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure   
     Item 9A. Controls and Procedures   
     Item 9B. Other Information   
   PART III   
     Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant   
     Item 11. Executive Compensation   
     Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters   
     Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions   
     Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services   
   PART IV   
     Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules   
   SIGNATURES   
   EX-4.22   
   EX-21.1   
   EX-31.1   
   EX-31.2   
   EX-32.1   
   EX-32.2   

Table of Contents   

PART I 

Item 1. Business  

A. The Company 

SIFCO Industries, Inc. ( Company ), an Ohio corporation, was incorporated in 1916. The executive
offices of the Company are located at 970 East 64th Street, Cleveland, Ohio 44103, and its
telephone number is (216) 881-8600.

The Company is engaged in the production and sale of a variety of metalworking processes, services
and products produced primarily to the specific design requirements of its customers. The
processes and services include forging, heat-treating, coating, welding, machining and selective
electrochemical finishing. The products include forged components, machined forgings and other
machined metal components, remanufactured components for aerospace and industrial turbine engines,
and selective electrochemical finishing solutions and equipment. The Company s operations are
conducted in three business segments: (1) Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group, (2) Turbine
Component Services and Repair Group and (3) Applied Surface Concepts Group.

B. Principal Products and Services 

1.  Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group 

Operations 

The Company s Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group ( ACM Group ) is a manufacturer of forged
components ranging in size from 2 to 800 pounds (depending on configuration and alloy) in various
steel alloys utilizing a variety of processes for application principally in the aerospace
industry. The ACM Group s forged products include: original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) and
aftermarket components for aircraft and land-based turbine engines; structural airframe components;
aircraft landing gear components, wheels and brakes; critical rotating components for helicopters;
and commercial/industrial products. The ACM Group also provides heat-treatment, surface-treatment,
non-destructive testing and select machining of forged components.

The ACM Group generally has multiple sources for its raw materials, which consist primarily of high
quality metals essential to this business. Suppliers of such materials are located throughout
North and South America and Europe. In general, because of tight aerospace grade steel capacity and
limited supply of titanium, raw material lead times have increased in recent years with certain
limited/isolated exceptions. The ACM Group does not depend on a single source for the supply of
its materials, although certain raw materials may be provided by a limited number of suppliers, and
believes that its sources are adequate for its business. The business is ISO 9001:2000 registered
and AS 9100:2001 certified. In addition, the ACM Group s heat-treating, chemical etching and
milling, and non-destructive testing facilities are NADCAP (National Aerospace and Defense
Contractors Accreditation Program) accredited.

Industry 

The performance of the domestic and international air transport industry directly and significantly
impacts the performance of the ACM Group. The air transport industry s long-term outlook has, for
many years, been for continued, steady growth. Such outlook suggested the need for additional
aircraft and, therefore, growth in the requirement for airframe and turbine engine components.
Management s current outlook for the air transport industry continues with that same theme.
Management believes that rising fuel costs and the related desire for more fuel efficient aircraft,
and fleet commonality will drive new aircraft purchases and, accordingly, the ACM Group is poised
to take advantage of the resulting improvement in order demand from the airframe and engine
manufacturers. The ACM Group also supplies new and spare components for military aircraft. As a
result of continued military initiatives, there has been increased demand for both new and spare
components for military customers. It is difficult to determine at this time what the long-term
impact of these factors may be on the demand for products provided by the ACM Group.

Competition 

While there has been some consolidation in the forging industry, the ACM Group believes there is
limited opportunity to increase prices, other than for the pass-through of rising raw material
steel alloy prices, due to the overcapacity that remains in the forging industry. The ACM Group
believes, however, that its demonstrated aerospace expertise along with focus on quality, customer
service, new technology and offering a broad range of capabilities help to give it an advantage in
the primary markets it serves. The ACM Group competes with both U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers of
forgings. As customers are establishing new facilities throughout the world, the ACM Group will
continue to encounter non-U.S. competition. The ACM Group believes it can expand its markets by (i)
broadening its product lines through investment in equipment that

Table of Contents   

expands its manufacturing capabilities and (ii) developing new customers in markets which require
similar technical competence, quality and service as the aerospace industry.

Customers 

During fiscal 2006, the ACM Group had two customers, various business units of Rolls-Royce
Corporation and United Technologies Corporation, which accounted for 17% and 11%, respectively, of
the ACM Group s net sales. The net sales to these two customers when combined with (i) a third
customer that individually accounts for less than 10% of the Group s nets sales, and (ii) the
direct subcontractors to these three customers, accounted for 58% of the ACM Group s net sales in
2006. The ACM Group believes that the loss of sales to such customers would result in a materially
adverse impact on the business and income of the ACM Group. However, the ACM Group has maintained
a business relationship with these customers for well over ten years and is currently conducting
business with some of them under multi-year agreements. Although there is no assurance that this
will continue, historically as one or more major customers have reduced their purchases, the ACM
Group has generally been successful in replacing such reduced purchases, thereby avoiding a
material adverse impact on the segment. The ACM Group attempts to rely on its ability to adapt
its services and operations to changing requirements of the market in general and its customers in
particular. No material part of the Company s ACM Group s business is seasonal.

Backlog of Orders 

The ACM Group s backlog as of September 30, 2006 increased to $65.7 million, of which $53.5 million
is scheduled for delivery during fiscal 2007, compared with $46.5 million as of September 30, 2005,
of which $30.0 million was scheduled for delivery during fiscal 2006. It is important to note a
fundamental shift that began in fiscal 2005 with respect to the ordering pattern of the ACM Group s
customers. With raw material steel alloy lead times continuing to be extended, customers are
placing orders further in advance of required delivery dates, which is one reason for the increase
in the ACM Group s backlog as of September 30, 2006. All orders are subject to modification or
cancellation by the customer with limited charges. The ACM Group believes that the backlog may not
necessarily be indicative of actual sales for any succeeding period.

2.  Turbine Component Services and Repair Group 

The Company s Turbine Component Services and Repair Group ( Repair Group ) has operations in Cork,
Ireland and Minneapolis, Minnesota. This segment of the Company s business consists principally of
the repair and remanufacture of aerospace and industrial turbine engine components. The business
also performs precision component machining and applies high temperature-resistant industrial
coatings to new turbine engine components.

Operations 

The aerospace portion of the Repair Group requires the procurement of licenses/authority, which
certify that the Group has obtained approval to perform certain proprietary repair processes. Such
approvals are generally specific to an engine and its components, a repair process, and a repair
facility/location. Without possession of such approvals, a company would be precluded from
competing in the aerospace turbine engine component repair business. Approvals are issued by either
the original equipment manufacturers ( OEM ) of aerospace turbine engines or the Federal Aviation
Administration ( FAA ).

During fiscal 2006, the Repair Group sold the large aerospace portion of its turbine engine
component repair business while retaining the industrial and small aerospace portions of such
business. In general, the Company considers engines that (i) possess a thrust of greater than
17,500 pounds and/or (ii) are used to power aircraft that carry more than 100 passengers to be
 large aerospace  engines. Historically, the aerospace portion of the Repair Group has elected to
procure approvals primarily from the OEMs and the remaining (small aerospace) portion of such
business currently maintains proprietary repair process approvals issued by certain of the primary
small engine OEMs (e.g. Pratt Whitney, Rolls-Royce, Turbomeca, and Hamilton-Sundstrand). In
exchange for being granted an OEM approval, the Repair Group is obligated, in most cases, to pay
royalties to the OEM for each type of component repair that it performs utilizing the OEM-approved
proprietary repair process. The aerospace portion of the Repair Group continues to be successful
in procuring FAA repair process approvals. There is generally no royalty payment obligation
associated with the use of a repair process approved by the FAA. To procure an OEM or FAA approval,
the Repair Group is required to demonstrate its technical competence in the process of repairing
such turbine engine components.

The development of remanufacturing and repair processes is an ordinary part of the Repair Group
business. The Repair Group continues to invest time and money on research and development
activities. The Company has research and development activities in PVCVD (Pure Vacuum Chemical
Vapor Deposition) of a wide range of materials. The Repair

2 

Table of Contents   

Group has the opportunity to apply the results of this research in both the industrial and small
aerospace turbine engine markets. Operating costs related to such activities are expensed during
the period in which they are incurred. The Group s research and development expense was
approximately $0.3 million in fiscal 2006

The Company has recognized the evolution of the industrial turbine engine market. The Company s
technologies have had many years of evolution in the aerospace turbine engine sector. The
application of similar technologies to the industrial turbine engine sector has resulted in
benefits to the industrial turbine engine operator. The Company has invested capital in new
equipment that facilitates the repair and remanufacture of these larger industrial turbine engine
components. Entry into this sector increases the potential market for the application of the
Company s technologies.

The Repair Group generally has multiple sources for its raw materials, which consist primarily of
investment castings and industrial coating materials, essential to this business. Certain items are
procured directly from the OEM to satisfy repair process requirements. Suppliers of such materials
are located throughout North America and Europe. Although certain raw materials may be provided by
a limited number of suppliers, the Repair Group generally does not depend on a single source for
the supply of its materials and management believes that its sources are adequate for its business.

The Repair Group s non-U.S. operation has had, for most of fiscal 2006, the majority of its sales
denominated in U.S. dollars while a significant portion of its operating costs were denominated in
euros. Therefore, as the euro strengthened, such operating costs were negatively impacted. During
certain periods, the Repair Group has been able to successfully hedge its exposure to the euro
thereby mitigating the negative impact on its operating results during periods in which the euro is
strong relative to the U.S. dollar. Management believes at this time (i.e. after the sale of the
large aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair business) that the Company will
experience a lower magnitude of exposure to the euro and, to the extend necessary, the Company will
be able to successfully hedge such exposure (during periods of the euros strength against the U.S.
dollar) thereby mitigating the negative impact of currency exchange rates on the Repair Group s
operating results during future periods.

Industry 

The performance of the domestic and international air transport industry directly and significantly
impacts the performance of the Repair Group. The air transport industry s long-term outlook has,
for many years, been for continued, steady growth. Such outlook suggested the need for additional
aircraft and, therefore, growth in the requirement for aerospace turbine engines and related engine
repairs. Management s current outlook for the air transport industry continues with that same
theme. The demand for passenger travel both in the U.S. and internationally has rebounded to
pre-September 11, 2001 levels. Due to an inherent need to optimize the efficiency and profitability
of operations, airlines appear to be supporting such increased demand for passenger travel with
smaller fleets consisting of new and more efficient aircraft. In addition, the financial condition
of many airlines in the U.S. and throughout the world continues to be weak. The U.S. airline
industry has received U.S. government assistance, while some airlines have entered bankruptcy
proceedings, and others continue to pursue major restructuring initiatives. It is difficult to
determine what the long-term impact of these factors may be on air travel and the demand for
services and products provided by the Repair Group.

The world s fleet of aircraft has been in transition. Several older models of certain aircraft and
the engines that power such aircraft have been retired from use. As a result, the overall demand
for repairs to such older model engines has significantly decreased. At the same time, newer
generation aircraft and engines are in use with newer technology required to both operate and
maintain such engines. The introduction of such newer generation aerospace turbine engines has in
general reduced the frequency with which such engines and related components need to be repaired.
The longer times between repairs have been attributed to improved technology, including the
improved ability to monitor an engine s condition while still in operation. Although the newer
generation aerospace turbine engines may require less frequent overhaul, such aerospace turbine
engines generally have a greater number of components that require repair. This could result in a
larger aerospace turbine engine component repair market in the future.

Recent years have seen the installation of numerous industrial turbine engines as means of
generating electric power for residential, commercial and industrial consumers. The high cost of
installation and maintenance of such units has provided the Repair Group with the opportunity to
bring value to this significant market. Industrial turbine engine units are in use throughout the
world and such units operate in different modes. Some units operate on a continuous base loading
at a percentage of their maximum output, while other units may operate at maximum output during
specific periods of electric power shortages (e.g. power blackouts, peak demand periods, etc.).
The latter units are called peak power systems. In general, industrial turbine engine units are
managed either by a government entity, an electric power utility, or an independent power producer
( IPP ). IPPs originated principally in response to deregulation of the organizations that operate
electric power utilities. Electric power deregulation has created greater competition and
therefore, more economical electric power for the end user. Repair and remanufacture of industrial
turbine engine components is a growing element of cost management in the industrial turbine engine
industry. The Company believes that the Repair Group s

3 

Table of Contents   

experience, knowledge and technology in the more demanding aerospace market positions it well for
continued participation in the industrial turbine engine market.

Competition 

In recent years, while the absolute number of competitors has decreased as a result of industry
consolidation and vertical integration, competition in the turbine engine component repair business
has nevertheless increased, principally due to the increased direct involvement of the aerospace
turbine engine manufacturers in the turbine engine overhaul and component repair businesses. With
the presence of the OEM in the market, there has been a general reluctance on the part of the OEM
to issue, to the independent component repair companies, its approvals for the repair of its newer
model engines and related components. The Company believes that the Repair Group will in the
future, more likely than not, become more dependent on (i) its ability to successfully procure and
market FAA approved licenses and related repair processes and/or (ii) a close collaboration with
engine manufacturers. However, the Repair Group believes it has partially compensated for these
factors by its success in broadening its product lines and developing new markets and customers,
more recently by its continued expansion into the repair of industrial turbine engine components.

Repair and remanufacture of industrial turbine engine components has evolved through the need for
the operators of electric power utilities to improve the economics of their industrial turbine
engine operations. To participate in the industrial turbine engine sector, it is necessary to have
a proven record of application of the appropriate technologies. Most competitors involved in the
industrial turbine engine component repair sector are either the OEM or entities that have a
history of application of component repairs in the aerospace sector. Metallurgical analysis of
component material removed from an industrial turbine engine determines the precise nature of the
necessary technologies to be used to return the component to service. The determination of
qualification to repair such components is the responsibility of the industrial turbine engine
owner/operator. Several OEMs participate to varying degrees in the repair and remanufacture of
industrial turbine engine components. The Company believes that the Repair Group s broad product
capability (multiple OEM types) and technology base position it well for growth in the industrial
sector.

Customers 

The identity and ranking of the Repair Group s principal customers can vary from year to year. The
Repair Group attempts to rely on its ability to adapt its services and operations to changing
requirements of the market in general and its customers in particular, rather than relying on high
volume production of a particular item or group of items for a particular customer or customers.
During fiscal 2006, the Repair Group had one customer, various business units of United
Technologies Corporation, which accounted for 20% of the Repair Group s net sales. Although there
is no assurance that this will continue, historically as one or more major customers have reduced
their purchases, the business has generally been successful in replacing such reduced purchases,
thereby avoiding a material adverse impact on the business. No material part of the Repair Group s
business is seasonal.

Backlog of Orders 

The Repair Group s backlog as of September 30, 2006 decreased to $3.5 million, of which $2.4
million is scheduled for delivery during fiscal 2007 and $1.1 million is on hold, compared with
$4.8 million as of September 30, 2005, of which $3.9 million was scheduled for delivery during
fiscal 2006 and $0.9 million was on hold. The backlog as of September 30, 2005 included orders
related to the large aerospace portion of the Repair Group s business that was sold in the third
quarter of fiscal 2006, for which there was no backlog as of September 30, 2006. All orders are
subject to modification or cancellation by the customer with limited charges. The Repair Group
believes that the backlog may not necessarily be indicative of actual sales for any succeeding
period.

3.  Applied Surface Concepts Group  

The Company s Applied Surface Concepts Group ( ASC Group ) provides surface enhancement
technologies principally related to selective electrochemical finishing and anodizing. The ASC
Group s principal product offerings include (i) the sale of metal solutions and equipment required
for selective electroplating and (ii) providing selective electroplating services on a contract
basis.

Operations 

Selective electrochemical finishing of a part or component is done without the use of an immersion
tank. A wide variety of pure metals and alloys, principally determined by the customer s design
requirements, can be used for applications including corrosion protection, wear resistance,
anti-galling, increased lubricity, increased hardness, increased electrical

4 

Table of Contents   

conductivity, and re-sizing. SIFCO Process    metal solutions include: cadmium, cobalt,
copper, nickel, tin and zinc. In addition, precious metal solutions such as gold, iridium,
palladium, platinum, rhodium, and silver are also provided to customers. The ASC Group has also
developed a number of alloy-plating solutions.

The ASC Group can either (i) supply the selective electrochemical finishing chemicals and equipment
to customers desiring to perform selective electrochemical finishing in-house or (ii) provide
manual, semi-automated, or automated contract selective electrochemical finishing services at
either the customer s site or one of the Group s facilities. The Group operates four facilities in
the US (Cleveland, Ohio / Hartford, Connecticut / Norfolk, Virginia / Houston, Texas) and three in
Europe (Birmingham, England / Paris, France / Rattvik, Sweden). The scope of selective
electrochemical finishing work includes part salvage and repair, part refurbishment, and new part
enhancement. Selective electrochemical finishing solutions are produced in the Cleveland, Ohio and
Birmingham, England facilities.

The ASC Group generally has multiple sources for its raw materials, which consist primarily of
industrial chemicals and metal salts and, therefore, does not depend on a single source for the
supply of key raw materials. Management believes that its sources are adequate to support its
business.

The ASC Group sells its products and services under the following brand names: SIFCO
Process   , Dalic   , USDL    and Selectron   , all of which
are specified in military and industrial specifications. The ASC Group s manufacturing operations
have ISO 9001:2001 and AS 9100A certifications. In addition, two of its facilities are NADCAP
(National Aerospace and Defense Contractors Accreditation Program) certified. Three of the service
centers are FAA approved repair shops. Other ASC Group approvals include ABS (American Bureau of
Ships), ARR (American Railroad Registry), JRS (Japan Registry of Shipping), and KRS (Korean
Registry of Shipping).

Industry 

Selective electrochemical finishing occupies a niche within the broader metal finishing industry.
The ASC Group s selective electrochemical finishing process is used to provide functional,
engineered finishes rather than decorative finishes, and it serves many markets including
aerospace, automotive, electric power generation, and oil and gas. In its planning and decision
making processes, management of the ASC Group monitors and evaluates precious metal prices, global
manufacturing activity, internal labor capacity, technological developments in surface enhancement,
and the exploration and production activities relative to oil and gas products. The diversity of
industries served helps to mitigate the impact of economic cycles on the ASC Group.

Competition 

Although the Company believes that the ASC Group is the largest selective electrochemical finishing
company in the world, there are several companies globally that manufacture and sell selective
electrochemical finishing solutions and equipment and/or provide contract selective electrochemical
finishing services. The ASC Group seeks to differentiate itself through its technical support,
research and development, and automation capabilities. The ASC Group also competes with other
surface enhancement technologies such as welding and metal spray.

Customers 

The ASC Group has a customer base of over 1,000 customers. However, approximately 10 customers,
who operate in a variety of industries, accounted for approximately 35% of the Group s fiscal 2006
net sales. During fiscal 2006 the ASC Group had one customer, Halliburton Company, which accounted
for 14% of the ASC Group s net sales. No material part of the ASC Group s business is seasonal.

Backlog of Orders 

The ASC Group had no material backlog at September 30, 2006 and 2005.

4.  General 

For financial information concerning the Company s reportable segments see Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Item 7 and Note 11 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.

5 

Table of Contents   

C. Environmental Regulations 

In common with other companies engaged in similar businesses, the Company is required to comply
with various laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. The costs of such
compliance have not had, and are not presently expected to have, a material effect on the capital
expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company and its subsidiaries under existing
regulations and interpretations.

D. Employees 

The number of the Company s employees decreased from approximately 580 at the beginning of fiscal
year 2006 to approximately 390 employees at the end of fiscal 2006. The decrease was principally a
result of the Company s disposition of the large aerospace portion of its turbine engine component
repair business, which employed approximately 160 people. The Company is a party to collective
bargaining agreements with certain employees located at its Cleveland, Ohio; Minneapolis,
Minnesota; and Cork, Ireland facilities. Management considers its relations with the Company s
employees to be good.

E. Non-U.S. Operations 

The Company s products and services are distributed and performed in U.S. as well as non-U.S.
markets. The Company commenced its operations in Ireland in 1981. The Company commenced its
operations in the United Kingdom and France as a result of an acquisition of a business in 1992.
The Company commenced its operations in the Sweden as a result of an acquisition of a business in
2006. Wholly-owned subsidiaries operate the Company s service and distribution facilities in
Ireland, United Kingdom, France and Sweden.

Financial information about the Company s U.S. and non-U.S. operations is set forth in Note 11 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.

As of September 30, 2006, the majority of the Company s cash and cash equivalents are in the
possession of its non-U.S. subsidiaries and relate to undistributed earnings of these non-U.S.
subsidiaries. Distributions from the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries to the Company may be
subject to statutory restrictions, adverse tax consequences or other limitations. In October 2004,
the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 ( Act ) was enacted. The Act contains a one-time provision
allowing earnings of controlled foreign companies to be repatriated, at a reduced tax rate, during
the tax year that includes October 2004 or during the subsequent tax year. The Company received a
dividend from its non-U.S. subsidiaries during fiscal 2005 in the amount of $13.4 million and the
funds were principally used to reduce the Company s outstanding indebtedness.

6 

Table of Contents   

Item 2. Properties  

The Company s property, plant and equipment include the facilities described below and a
substantial quantity of machinery and equipment, most of which consists of industry specific
machinery and equipment using special jigs, tools and fixtures and in many instances having
automatic control features and special adaptations. In general, the Company s property, plant and
equipment are in good operating condition, are well maintained and substantially all of its
facilities are in regular use. The Company considers its investment in property, plant and
equipment as of September 30, 2006 suitable and adequate given the current product offerings for
the respective business segments  operations in the current business environment. The square
footage numbers set forth in the following paragraphs are approximations:

The Turbine Component Services and Repair Group operates principally two (2)
facilities with a total of 118,000 square feet that are involved in the repair and
remanufacture of aerospace and industrial turbine engine components. One of these
plants is located in Cork, Ireland (59,000 square feet) and one is in Minneapolis,
Minnesota (59,000 square feet). Both of these facilities are owned. 

The Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group operates in a single owned 246,000
square foot facility located in Cleveland, Ohio. This facility is also the site of
the Company s corporate headquarters. 

The Applied Surface Concepts Group is headquartered in an owned 34,000 square foot
facility in Cleveland, Ohio. The Group leases space aggregating approximately 47,000
square feet for sales offices and/or for its contract selective electrochemical
finishing services in Norfolk, Virginia; Hartford, Connecticut; Houston, Texas; Paris,
France; and Birmingham, England. The Group operates in an owned 4,500 square foot
facility in Rattvik, Sweden. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings  

In the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in ordinary, routine legal
actions. The Company cannot reasonably estimate future costs, if any, related to these matters but
does not believe any such matters are material to its financial condition or results of operations.
The Company maintains various liability insurance coverages to protect its assets from losses
arising out of or involving activities associated with ongoing and normal business operations,
although it is possible that the Company s future operating results could be affected by future
cost of litigation.

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders  

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the fourth quarter of the
Company s 2006 fiscal year.

7 

Table of Contents   

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities  

The Company s Common Shares are traded on the American Stock Exchange under the symbol  SIF .
The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales price
for the Company s Common Shares as reported by the American Stock Exchange.

The Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends within the last two (2) fiscal years and
does not anticipate paying any such dividends in the foreseeable future. The Company currently
intends to retain all of its earnings for the operation and expansion of its businesses. The
Company s ability to declare or pay cash dividends is limited by its credit agreement covenants.
At October 31, 2006, there were approximately 720 shareholders of record of the Company s Common
Shares, as reported by National City Corporation, the Company s Transfer Agent and Registrar, which
maintains its corporate offices at National City Center, 1900 East Ninth Street, Cleveland, Ohio
44101-0756.

Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data  

The following table sets forth selected consolidated financial data of the Company. The data
presented below should be read in conjunction with the audited Consolidated Financial Statements
and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8.

8 

Table of Contents   

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations  

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations may contain
various forward-looking statements and includes assumptions concerning the Company s operation,
future results and prospects. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations
and are subject to risks and uncertainties. In connection with the  safe harbor  provisions of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Company provides this cautionary statement
identifying important economic, political and technological factors, among others, the absence or
effect of which could cause the actual results or events to differ materially from those set forth
in or implied by the forward-looking statements and related assumptions. Such factors include the
following: (1) future business environment, including capital and consumer spending; (2)
competitive factors, including the ability to replace business which may be lost due to increased
direct involvement by the turbine engine manufacturers in turbine component service and repair
markets; (3) successful procurement of certain repair materials and new repair process licenses
from turbine engine manufacturers and/or the Federal Aviation Administration; (4) fluctuating
foreign currency (primarily the euro) exchange rates; (5) metals and commodities price increases
and the Company s ability to recover such price increases; (6) successful development and market
introductions of new products, including advanced coating technologies and the continued
development of industrial turbine repair processes; (7) regressive pricing pressures on the
Company s products and services, with productivity improvements as the primary means to maintain
margins; (8) success with the further development of strategic alliances with certain turbine
engine manufacturers for turbine component repair services; (9) the impact on business conditions,
and on the aerospace industry in particular, of the global terrorism threat; (10) successful
replacement of declining demand for repair services for turboprop engine components with component
repair services for small turbofan engines utilized in the business and regional aircraft markets;
(11) continued reliance on several major customers for revenues; (12) the Company s ability to
continue to have access to its revolving credit facility, including the Company s ability to (i)
continue to comply with the terms of its credit agreement, including financial covenants, (ii)
continue to enter into amendments to its credit agreement containing financial covenants, which it
and its bank lender find mutually acceptable, or (iii) continue to obtain waivers from its bank
lender with respect to its compliance with the covenants contained in its credit agreement; (13)
the impact of changes in defined benefit pension plan actuarial assumptions and legislation on
future contributions; and (14) stable governments, business conditions, laws, regulations and taxes
in economies where business is conducted.

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and its subsidiaries engage in the production and sale of a variety of
metalworking processes, services and products produced primarily to the specific design
requirements of its customers. The processes and services include forging, heat-treating, coating,
welding, machining and selective electrochemical finishing. The products include forgings,
machined forged parts and other machined metal parts, remanufactured component parts for turbine
engines, and selective electrochemical finishing solutions and equipment. The Company s operations
are conducted in three business segments: (1) Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group, (2) Turbine
Component Services and Repair Group, and (3) Applied Surface Concepts Group. The Company endeavors
to plan and evaluate its businesses  operations while taking into consideration certain factors
including the following   (i) the projected build rate for commercial, business and military
aircraft as well as the engines that power such aircraft, (ii) the projected maintenance, repair
and overhaul schedules for commercial, business and military aircraft as well as the engines that
power such aircraft, (iii) the projected maintenance, repair and overhaul schedules for industrial
gas turbine engines, (iv) anticipated exploration and production activities relative to oil and gas
products, etc.

A. Results of Operations 

1. Fiscal Year 2006 Compared With Fiscal Year 2005 

Fiscal 2006 net sales increased 7.4% to $87.0 million, compared with $81.0 million in fiscal 2005.
The net income in fiscal 2006 was $1.0 million, compared with a net loss of $0.2 million in fiscal
2005.

Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group ( ACM Group )  

Net sales in fiscal 2006 increased 41.8% to $43.9 million, compared with $31.0 million in fiscal
2005. For purposes of the following discussion, the ACM Group considers aircraft that can
accommodate less than 100 passengers to be small aircraft and those that can accommodate 100 or
more passengers to be large aircraft. Net sales of airframe components for small aircraft increased
$8.5 million to $23.4 million in fiscal 2006 compared with $14.9 million in fiscal 2005. Net sales
of turbine engine components for small aircraft, which consist primarily of business aircraft and
regional commercial jets, as well as military transport and surveillance aircraft, increased $1.1
million to $11.6 million in fiscal 2006 compared with $10.5 million in fiscal 2005. Net sales of
airframe components for large aircraft increased $1.9 million to $4.4 million in fiscal 2006
compared with $2.5 million in fiscal 2005. Net sales of turbine engine components for large
aircraft increased $0.9 million to $1.8 million in fiscal 2006 compared with $0.9 million in fiscal
2005. The increase in the ACM Group s net sales volumes during fiscal 2006 is in part attributable
to an increase in the ACM Group s selling prices due to increases in

9 

Table of Contents   

raw material prices in the market place, some of which was passed through to the ACM Group s
customers. The commercial aerospace industry continues to experience strong demand, most notably
for mid-size single-aisle aircraft as well as for regional aircraft. Other product and non-product
sales were $2.7 million and $2.2 million in fiscal 2006 and 2005, respectively.

The ACM Group s airframe and turbine engine component products have both military and commercial
applications. Net sales of airframe and turbine engine components that solely have military
applications were $20.5 million and $13.1 million in fiscal 2006 and 2005, respectively. This
increase is attributable in part to increased military spending due to ongoing wartime demand such
as for additional military helicopters.

In fiscal 2006, the ACM Group s total material cost of goods sold as a percentage of net product
sales increased 6.2%, compared with fiscal 2005. Overall steel capacity was tight during fiscal
2006, especially for aerospace grade materials. Titanium pricing is impacted by limited world-wide
supply of titanium. These factors, coupled with increased steel demand, have resulted in higher raw
material prices. While all grades of raw material experienced cost increases during fiscal 2006,
aerospace alloy and titanium grades experienced the most significant increases.

Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2006 were $3.2 million, or 7.3% of net
sales, compared with $2.3 million, or 7.5% of net sales, in fiscal 2005. The $0.9 million increase
in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2006 was principally due to increases in
the ACM Group s compensation, including incentive compensation; provision for bad debts; consulting
services; and variable selling costs. The increases in compensation ($0.2 million) and variable
selling ($0.3 million) expenses were principally due to the significant increase in net sales and
operating income during fiscal 2006, compared with fiscal 2005.

The ACM Group s operating income in fiscal 2006 was $1.7 million, compared with operating income of
$0.2 million in fiscal 2005. Operating results were positively impacted in fiscal 2006 compared
with fiscal 2005 due to the positive impact on margins resulting from significantly higher sales
volumes, partially offset by a $2.1 million increase in the LIFO provision, which increase was due
principally to the increased cost of raw material steel being experienced within the ACM Group s
industry as well as increases in certain other components of its manufacturing costs. The ACM
Group s business is heavy manufacturing in nature and consequently bears large fixed operating
costs. Therefore, improvements in sales volume generally result in positive impacts on operating
margins as such fixed costs are spread over more units of production, as was experienced during
fiscal 2006. Operating income in fiscal 2006 included $0.2 million of profit on sale of excess raw
material inventory, compared with $0.4 million in fiscal 2005. Operating income in fiscal 2006 was
negatively impacted by a $0.4 million increase in expenditures for the purchase of new tooling and
repairs to existing tooling. Revenue associated with sales of components manufactured with new
tooling generally will be realized in future periods when such component products are shipped.

Turbine Component Services and Repair Group ( Repair Group )  

As described in Item 8, Note 9, on May 10, 2006 the Repair Group completed the sale of the large
aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair business and certain related assets.

Net sales in fiscal 2006 decreased 19.5% to $30.7 million, compared with $38.2 million in fiscal
2005. Net sales of the large aerospace portion of the turbine engine component repair business
that was sold, which includes component repair services and the sale of related replacement parts,
were $9.4 million in fiscal 2006 (through the May 10, 2006 sale date), compared with $20.5 million
in fiscal 2005. The Repair Group s remaining net sales in fiscal 2006, which includes (i)
component manufacturing, consisting of precision component machining and industrial coating, and
(ii) component repair services for small aerospace turbine engines and industrial turbine engines,
increased 20.3% to $21.3 million, compared with $17.7 million in fiscal 2005. Demand for component
repairs for small aerospace turbine engines, industrial turbine engines and for component
manufacturing increased in the fiscal 2006, compared with fiscal 2005.

During fiscal 2006, the Repair Group s selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $0.3
million to $4.0 million, or 13.0% of net sales, from $4.3 million, or 11.2% of net sales, in fiscal
2005. Included in the $4.0 million of selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2006
were $0.2 million of internal transaction related charges associated with the sale of the large
aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair business and $0.1 million of severance and
related charges. Included in the $4.3 million of selling, general and administrative expenses in
fiscal 2005 were $0.2 million of severance and related charges. The remaining selling, general and
administrative expenses in fiscal 2006 and 2005 were $3.7 million, or 12.1% of net sales, and $4.1
million, or 10.6% of net sales, respectively.

The Repair Group s operating income in fiscal 2006 was $0.9 million, compared with an operating
loss of $4.7 million in fiscal 2005. Operating results continued to be negatively impacted in
fiscal 2006 by (i) the $0.2 million of aforementioned internal transaction related charges
associated with the sale of a portion of the Repair Group s turbine engine component

10 

Table of Contents   

repair business and (ii) negative margins, resulting from decreased sales volumes, for component
manufacturing and repair services principally for large aerospace turbine engines, partially offset
by positive, although lower, margins on sales of replacement parts. As noted above, on May 10,
2006, the Repair Group divested the large aerospace portion of its business. This divestiture
resulted in a $4.4 million gain on disposal of assets being recognized in the Repair Group s
operating income in fiscal 2006.

During fiscal 2006, the Repair Group s non-U.S. operation had most of its sales, in particular its
large aerospace turbine engine component repair sales, denominated in U.S. dollars while a
significant portion of its operating costs were denominated in euros. Therefore, as the U.S. dollar
strengthens against the euro, costs denominated in euros are positively impacted and vice versa.
During the last half of fiscal 2005 and continuing into the first half of fiscal 2006, the U.S.
dollar strengthened against the euro. However, during the second half of fiscal 2006, the U.S.
dollar weakened against the euro. During fiscal 2006, the Repair Group hedged its exposure to the
euro at exchange rates that were less favorable than the exchange rates used to hedge the same
exposure in fiscal 2005 and, therefore, the Repair Group s operating results were not significantly
impacted by a stronger U.S. dollar during the first half of fiscal 2006 compared to the same period
in fiscal 2005. Further, the negative impact on the Repair Group s operating results of the less
favorable exchange rates at which it hedged its exposure to the euro in fiscal 2006 compared with
the same period in 2005 was approximately $0.5 million.

Applied Surface Concepts Group ( ASC Group )  

Net sales of the ASC Group increased 4.5% to $12.3 million in fiscal 2006, compared with net sales
of $11.8 million in fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2006, product net sales, consisting of selective
electrochemical finishing equipment and solutions, increased 5.6% to $6.4 million, compared with
$6.0 million in fiscal 2005. In fiscal 2006, customized selective electrochemical finishing
contract service net sales increased 5.4% to $5.8 million, compared with $5.5 million in fiscal
2005. The increase in net sales in 2006 is principally attributable to (i) an increase in sales to
the oil and gas industry, which remains strong in both the exploration and production sectors and
(ii) $0.9 million of nets sales generated by the ASC Group s Swedish operation that was acquired
during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

The ASC Group s selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2006 were $4.7 million, or
38.4% of net sales, compared with $4.4 million, or 37.4% of net sales, in fiscal 2005. The $0.3
million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2006 is attributable to
an increase in compensation and related benefit expenses due principally to certain positions being
filled in fiscal 2006, which were open in fiscal 2005, in anticipation of higher sales volumes in
fiscal 2006 that did not materialize.

The ASC Group s operating loss was $0.6 million in fiscal 2006 compared with operating income of
$0.8 million in fiscal 2005 due in part to the above noted items. In addition, operating results
were negatively impacted by (i) a shift, during the fiscal 2006, in sales mix to fewer large volume
contract service jobs resulting in a decline in operating efficiencies generally associated with
such jobs, (ii) expenses related to the costs of relocating two of the Group s facilities as well
as the cost of operating inefficiencies experienced during the relocations, and (iii) higher
precious metal raw material costs, which could not be immediately passed on to customers.

Corporate Unallocated Expenses  

Corporate unallocated expenses, consisting of corporate salaries and benefits, legal and
professional and other corporate expenses, were $1.6 million in both fiscal 2006 and 2005. Included
in the $1.6 million of corporate unallocated expenses in fiscal 2006 were $0.3 million of incentive
expenses. Included in the $1.6 million of corporate unallocated expenses in fiscal 2005 were $0.3
million of severance and related employee benefit expenses incurred as a result of a reorganization
of personnel. The remaining corporate unallocated expenses in both fiscal 2006 and 2005 were $1.3
million.

Other/General  

Interest expense was $0.2 million in fiscal 2006 compared with $0.4 million in fiscal 2005. The
following table sets forth the weighted average interest rates and weighted average outstanding
balances under the Company s credit agreements in fiscal years 2006 and 2005.

11 

Table of Contents   

(1) 
       
     Industrial development variable rate demand revenue bond and the term note were paid
off during the first quarter of fiscal 2005. 

(2) 
       
     Debt purchase agreement was entered into on September 29, 2005 and was paid off during
the third quarter of fiscal 2006. 

Currency exchange gain was $0.1 million in fiscal 2006, compared with a nominal gain in fiscal
2005. These gains are generally the result of the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations on
the Company s monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in U.S. dollars. During
fiscal 2005, the U.S. dollar strengthened in relation to the euro. This strength continued during
the first half of fiscal 2006; however, during the second half of fiscal 2006, the U.S. dollar
weakened against the euro. Also during fiscal 2006, the Company recognized a $0.2 million currency
exchange gain as a result of the maturity and renegotiation of certain government grant agreements,
as described more fully in Item 8, Note 4.

Other income in fiscal 2006 includes $0.7 million of grant income, as described more fully in Item
8, Note 4, and a $0.2 million gain from an insurance settlement related to property damaged in
fiscal 2005. Other income in fiscal 2005 includes a $6.2 million gain on the sale of certain
non-operating assets of the Repair Group.

In fiscal 2006 and 2005, the income tax benefit related to the Company s U.S. and non-U.S.
subsidiary losses was offset by a valuation allowance based upon an assessment of the Company s
ability to realize such benefits. In assessing the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax
assets, management considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Future reversal of the
valuation allowance will be achieved either when the tax benefit is realized or when it has been
determined that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be realized through future taxable
income. A deferred tax asset of $0.6 million was recognized in fiscal 2004 and was attributable to
the gain on the disposal of a building and land in October 2004 that was part of the Repair Group s
Irish operations, and that was recognized for Irish income tax purposes in fiscal 2004 but was
recognized for financial reporting purposes in fiscal 2005 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. The Company also recorded a U.S. income tax
provision in fiscal 2005 under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 for a dividend it received
from its non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company recorded an Irish income tax provision of $0.5 million
in fiscal 2006 related to the gain on sale of the large aerospace portion of it turbine engine
component repair business.

2. Fiscal Year 2005 Compared With Fiscal Year 2004 

Fiscal 2005 net sales decreased 7.4% to $81.0 million, compared with $87.4 million in fiscal 2004.
The net loss in fiscal 2005 was $0.2 million, compared with a net loss of $5.9 million in fiscal
2004.

Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group ( ACM Group )  

Net sales in fiscal 2005 increased 1.7% to $31.0 million, compared with $30.5 million in fiscal
2004. For purposes of the following discussion, the ACM Group considers aircraft that can
accommodate less than 100 passengers to be small aircraft and those that can accommodate 100 or
more passengers to be large aircraft. Net sales of airframe components for small aircraft increased
$1.7 million to $14.9 million in fiscal 2005 compared with $13.2 million in fiscal 2004. Net sales
of turbine engine components for small aircraft, which consist primarily of business aircraft and
regional commercial jets, as well as military transport and surveillance aircraft, decreased $2.2
million to $10.5 million in fiscal 2005 compared with $12.7 million in fiscal 2004. Net sales of
airframe components for large aircraft increased $0.7 million to $2.5 million in fiscal 2005
compared with $1.8 million in fiscal 2004. Net sales of turbine engine components for large
aircraft decreased $0.1 million to $0.9 million in fiscal 2005 compared with $1.0 million in fiscal
2004. The decrease in the ACM Group s net sales volumes during fiscal 2005 was offset by an
increase in the ACM Group s selling prices due to increases in raw material prices in the market
place, some of which was passed through to the ACM Group s customers. Other product and
non-product sales were $2.2 million and $1.8 million in fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively.

12 

Table of Contents   

The ACM Group s airframe and turbine engine component products have both military and commercial
applications. Net sales of airframe and turbine engine components that solely have military
applications were $13.1 million in both fiscal 2005 and 2004.

Selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2005 were $2.3 million, or 7.5% of net
sales, compared with $2.1 million, or 7.0% of net sales, in fiscal 2004. This $0.2 million increase
in fiscal 2005 was principally due to an increase in administrative and sales salaries resulting
from the full year impact of certain positions that were vacant during a portion of fiscal 2004, as
well as the absence in fiscal 2005 of a reduction in the provision for uncollectible accounts
receivable that occurred in fiscal 2004.

The ACM Group s operating income in fiscal 2005 was $0.2 million, compared with operating income of
$1.8 million in fiscal 2004. Operating results were negatively impacted in fiscal 2005, compared
with fiscal 2004, due to the negative impact on margins resulting from lower sales volumes, as well
as by (i) an increase in raw material prices; (ii) an increase in energy costs; (iii) an increase
in spending on manufacturing supplies and other related expenses; and (iv) a $0.6 million increase
in the LIFO provision due principally to the increased cost of steel alloys.

Turbine Component Services and Repair Group ( Repair Group )  

Net sales in fiscal 2005 decreased 17.0% to $38.2 million, compared with $46.0 million in fiscal
2004. Component manufacturing and repair net sales decreased $4.0 million to $33.0 million in
fiscal 2005, compared with $37.0 million in fiscal 2004. Demand for precision component machining
and for component repairs for industrial and large aerospace turbine engines decreased, while the
demand for component repairs for small aerospace turbine engines increased in fiscal 2005 compared
with fiscal 2004. Net sales associated with the demand for replacement parts, which often
complement component repair services provided to customers, decreased $3.8 million to $5.2 in
fiscal 2005, compared with $9.0 million in fiscal 2004.

During fiscal 2005, the Repair Group s selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $0.4
million to $4.3 million, or 11.2% of net sales, from $4.7 million, or 10.2% of net sales, in fiscal
2004. Included in the $4.3 million of selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2005
were $0.2 million related to severance charges. The remaining selling, general and administrative
expenses in fiscal 2005 were $4.1 million, or 10.6% of net sales. Selling, general and
administrative expenses in fiscal 2005 benefited from a $0.3 million reduction in expenses related
to the closure of the Repair Group s Tampa, Florida facility.

The Repair Group s operating loss in fiscal 2005 increased $1.4 million to a $4.7 million loss from
a $3.3 million loss in fiscal 2004. Operating results decreased in fiscal 2005 principally due to
the negative impact on margins of decreased sales volumes for component manufacturing and repair
services, which was partially offset by higher margins on sales of replacement parts. The higher
margins on sales of replacement parts was attributable to both improved market prices for such
components as well as certain replacement part sales consisting of inventory that had been
previously written down.

During fiscal 2004, the euro strengthened against the U.S. dollar. The euro continued to be strong
in relation to the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2005. The Repair Group s non-U.S. operation has most
of its sales denominated in U.S. dollars while a significant portion of its operating costs are
denominated in euros. Therefore, as the euro strengthens, costs denominated in euros are negatively
impacted. During fiscal 2005, the Repair Group hedged most of its exposure to the euro thereby
mitigating the negative impact on its operating results in that period. If it had not hedged such
exposure, the impact on the Repair Group s operating results in fiscal 2005 would have been higher
operating costs of approximately $1.1 million related to its non-U.S. operations.

Applied Surface Concepts Group ( ASC Group )  

Net sales of the ASC Group increased 7.9% to $11.8 million in fiscal 2005, compared with net sales
of $10.9 million in fiscal 2004. In fiscal 2005, product net sales, consisting of selective
electrochemical finishing equipment and solutions, increased 7.8% to $6.0 million, compared with
$5.6 million in fiscal 2004. In fiscal 2005, customized selective electrochemical finishing
contract service net sales increased 10.7% to $5.5 million, compared with $5.0 million in fiscal
2004.

The ASC Group s selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2005 were $4.4 million, or
37.4% of net sales, compared with $5.9 million, or 54.1% of net sales, in fiscal 2004. Included in
the $5.9 million of selling, general and administrative expenses in fiscal 2004 was a $2.6 million
non-cash impairment charge related to a write-off of goodwill. The remaining selling, general and
administrative expenses in fiscal 2004 were $3.3 million, or 30.6% of net sales. The increase in
selling, general and administrative expenses is principally attributable to (i) an increase in
compensation and employee benefit expenses consisting primarily of severance benefits incurred as a
result of a reorganization of personnel

13 

Table of Contents   

that occurred in early fiscal 2005 and (ii) an increase in employee compensation and other employee
related expenses required to complete staffing needs as a result of the reorganization of
personnel.

The ASC Group s operating income was $0.8 million in fiscal 2005 compared with a loss of $1.8
million in fiscal 2004. Included in the $1.8 million operating loss in fiscal 2004 was a $2.6
million non-cash impairment charge related to the previously discussed write-off of goodwill.

Corporate Unallocated Expenses  

Corporate unallocated expenses, consisting of corporate salaries and benefits, legal and
professional and other corporate expenses, were $1.6 million in both fiscal 2005 and 2004. A $0.3
million decrease in legal and professional expenses was offset by a $0.3 million increase in
compensation and employee benefit expenses consisting primarily of severance benefits incurred as a
result of a reorganization of personnel.

Other/General  

Interest expense was $0.4 million in fiscal 2005 compared with $0.8 million in fiscal 2004. The
following table sets forth the weighted average interest rates and weighted average outstanding
balances under the Company s credit agreements in fiscal years 2005 and 2004.

(1) 
       
     The industrial development variable rate demand revenue bond and term note were paid off during
the first quarter of 2005. 

(2) 
       
     The debt purchase agreement was entered into on September 29, 2005. 

Currency exchange gain was a nominal amount in fiscal 2005 compared with an exchange loss of $0.3
million in fiscal 2004. This gain/loss is the result of the impact of currency exchange rate
fluctuations on the Company s monetary assets and liabilities that are not denominated in U.S.
dollars. During the first quarter of fiscal 2005, the euro strengthened in relation to the U.S.
dollar while during the last three quarters of fiscal 2005, the euro weakened in relation to the
U.S. dollar.

Other income includes (i) a $0.1 million gain on the sale of a building and land that was part of
the Repair Group s Tampa, Florida operation and (ii) a $6.2 million gain on the sale of a building
and land that was part of the Repair Group s Irish operations. Both buildings and land that were
sold were included in assets held for sale at September 30, 2004.

In fiscal 2005 and 2004, the income tax benefit related to the Company s U.S. and non-U.S.
subsidiary losses was offset by a valuation allowance based upon an assessment of the Company s
ability to realize such benefits. In assessing the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax
assets, management considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Future reversal of the
valuation allowance will be achieved either when the tax benefit is realized or when it has been
determined that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be realized through future taxable
income. The deferred tax asset of $575 recognized in fiscal 2004 is attributable to the gain on
the disposal of a building and land in October 2004 that was part of the Repair Group s Irish
operations, and that was recognized for Irish income tax purposes in fiscal 2004 but was recognized
for financial reporting purposes in fiscal 2005 in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. The Company also recorded a U.S. income tax provision in
fiscal 2005 under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 for a dividend it received from its
non-U.S. subsidiaries.

14 

Table of Contents   

B. Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash and cash equivalents increased to $4.7 million at September 30, 2006 from $0.9 million at
September 30, 2005. At present, essentially all of the Company s cash and cash equivalents are in
the possession of its non-U.S. subsidiaries. Distributions from the Company s non-U.S. subsidiaries
to the Company may be subject to statutory restriction, adverse tax consequences or other
limitations.

The Company s operating activities consumed $1.9 million of cash in fiscal 2006, compared with $4.7
million of cash consumed in fiscal 2005. The cash used for operating activities in fiscal 2006 was
primarily due to (i) a cash operating loss of $0.3 million, which loss does not include a $4.4
million gain on disposal of operating assets; (ii) a $0.9 million increase in accounts receivable
principally attributable to the significant increase in the ACM Group s fourth quarter sales and a
portion of the proceeds from the disposal of operating assets being earned and not yet remitted;
(iii) a $0.3 million increase in inventory principally attributable to the ACM Group s response to
the increased demand in its business; (iv) a $1.4 million decrease in other long term liabilities
related to the cancellation of certain government grant obligations and the annual revaluation of
certain retirement obligations, partially offset by (v) an increase in accounts payable of $1.1
million principally attributable to the ACM Group s significant increase in raw material purchases
necessary to support the aforementioned increase in sales levels. The other changes in these
components of working capital were due to factors resulting from normal business conditions of the
Company, including (i) sales levels, (ii) collections from customers, (iii) the relative timing of
payments to suppliers, and (iv) inventory levels required to support customer demand in general
and, in particular, the significant extension of raw material lead times currently experienced by
the ACM Group.

Capital expenditures were $1.3 million in fiscal 2006, compared with $2.2 million in fiscal 2005.
Fiscal 2006 capital expenditures consist of $0.2 million by the ACM Group, $0.7 million by the ASC
Group and $0.4 million by the Repair Group. During the first quarter of fiscal 2006, the ASC Group
also invested $0.4 million to acquire a related business. The Company anticipates that total fiscal
2007 capital expenditures will approximate $3.0 million. Fiscal 2007 capital expenditures are
again anticipated to (i) provide increased range of manufacturing capabilities; (ii) automate
certain operations; and (iii) enhance the Company s service and repair capabilities.

At September 30, 2006, the Company has a $6.0 million revolving credit agreement with a U.S. bank,
subject to sufficiency of collateral, which expires on October 1, 2007 and bears interest at the
U.S. bank s base rate plus 0.50%. The interest rate was 8.75% at September 30, 2006. A 0.375%
commitment fee is incurred on the unused balance of the revolving credit agreement. At September
30, 2006, $0.4 million was outstanding and the Company had $5.5 million available under its $6.0
million revolving credit agreement. The Company s revolving credit agreement is secured by
substantially all of the Company s assets located in the U.S., a guarantee by its U.S. subsidiaries
and a pledge of 65% of the Company s ownership interest in one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries.

Under its revolving credit agreement with the U.S. bank, the Company is subject to certain
customary covenants. These include, without limitation, covenants (as defined) that require
maintenance of certain specified financial ratios, including a minimum tangible net worth level and
a minimum EBITDA level. During 2006, the Company entered into agreements with its U.S. bank to (i)
waive certain provisions of its revolving credit agreement for periods prior to May 1, 2006, (ii)
amend its financial ratio covenants for future periods; and (iii) extend the maturity date of the
revolving credit agreement. In November 2006, the Company entered into an agreement with its U.S.
bank to waive and/or amend certain provisions of its revolving credit agreement. The amendment (i)
waives the Company s required minimum EBITDA level for periods prior to October 1, 2006 and (ii)
amends the Company s required minimum EBITDA level for future periods. Taking into consideration
the impact of this amendment, the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants at
September 30, 2006.

Effective September 29, 2005, the Company s Irish subsidiary entered into a debt purchase agreement
and certain related agreements with an Irish bank. On May 10, 2006 the Company s Repair Group
completed the sale of the large aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair business
and certain related assets. As part of this transaction, the Repair Group s Irish subsidiary used
the related proceeds to pay off the remaining outstanding balance of its debt purchase agreement
with the Irish bank.

The Company believes that cash flows from its operations together with existing cash reserves and
the funds available under its credit agreements will be sufficient to meet its working capital
requirements through the end of fiscal year 2007. However, no assurances can be given as to the
sufficiency of the Company s working capital to support the Company s operations. If the existing
cash reserves, cash flow from operations and funds available under the revolving credit agreement
are insufficient; if working capital requirements are greater than currently estimated; and/or if
the Company is unable to satisfy the covenants set forth in its credit agreements, the Company may
be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures,
restructuring indebtedness, selling assets or operations, or issuing additional shares of capital
stock in the Company. There can be no assurance that any of these actions could be

15 

Table of Contents   

accomplished, or if so, on terms favorable to the Company, or that they would enable the Company to
continue to satisfy its working capital requirements.

C. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The Company does not have any obligations that meet the definition of an off-balance sheet
arrangement and that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material effect on the Company s
financial condition or results of operations. For discussion of foreign currency exchange
contracts, see Foreign Currency Risk included in Item 7A.

D. Other Contractual Obligations 

The following table summarizes the Company s outstanding contractual obligations and other
commercial commitments at September 30, 2006 and the effect such obligations are expected to have
on liquidity and cash flow in future periods.

(Amounts in thousands)

Excluded from the foregoing Other Contractual Obligations table are open purchase orders at
September 30, 2006 for raw materials and supplies required in the normal course of business.
Included in other long-term liabilities in the Company s balance sheet as of September 30, 2006 is
$2.4 million related to (contingent) government grant obligations, which (as is explained more
fully in Item 8, Note 4) expire on December 31, 2006 without obligation to the Company, and $3.4
million related to the Company s defined benefit pension plans. The Company is not able to
accurately project the timing of the payment of such pension obligations beyond the $1.2 million
that is expected to be funded in fiscal 2007.

E. Outlook 

The Company s Repair and ACM Groups  businesses continue to be heavily dependent upon the strength
of the commercial airlines as well as aircraft and related engine manufacturers. Consequently, the
performance of the domestic and international air transport industry directly and significantly
impacts the performance of the Repair and ACM Groups  businesses.

The financial condition of many airlines in the U.S. and throughout the world, while showing some
improvement, continues to be weak. The U.S. airline industry has received U.S. government
assistance, while some airlines have entered bankruptcy proceedings, and others continue to pursue
major restructuring initiatives, which appears to have had a positive impact on operating results
in recent periods. Modest improvements in the commercial airlines and increased demand in the
aircraft and related engine industries have been complemented by increases in U.S. military
spending for aircraft and related components; and the demand for passenger travel has rebounded to
pre-September 11, 2001 levels. The air transport industry s long-term outlook has been one of
continued, steady growth. Such outlook suggests the need for additional aircraft and, therefore,
growth in the requirement for airframe and engine components as well as aerospace turbine engine
repairs.

It is difficult to determine the potential long-term impact that the aforementioned factors may
have on air travel and the demand for the products and services provided by the Company. Lack of
continued improvement could result in further credit risk associated with doing business with the
financially troubled airlines and their suppliers. All of these consequences, to the extent that
they may occur, could negatively impact the Company s net sales, operating profits and cash flows.
However, in light of the current business environment, the Company believes that that cash on-hand,
funds available under its revolving credit agreement, and anticipated funds generated from
operations will be adequate to meet its liquidity needs through the foreseeable future.

16 

Table of Contents   

F. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Allowances for Doubtful Accounts 

The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the
inability of certain customers to make required payments. The Company evaluates the adequacy of
its allowances for doubtful accounts each quarter based on the customers  credit-worthiness,
current economic trends or market conditions, past collection history, aging of outstanding
accounts receivable and specific identified risks. As these factors change, the Company s
allowances for doubtful accounts may change in subsequent periods. Historically, losses have been
within management s expectations and have not been significant.

Inventories 

The Company maintains allowances for obsolete and excess inventory. The Company evaluates its
allowances for obsolete and excess inventory each quarter. Each business segment maintains formal
policies, which require at a minimum that reserves be established based on an analysis of the age
of the inventory on a product-by-product basis. In addition, if the Company learns of specific
obsolescence, other than that identified by the aging criteria, an additional reserve will be
recognized as well. Specific obsolescence may arise due to a technological or market change, or
based on cancellation of an order. Management s judgment is necessary in determining the realizable
value of these products to arrive at the proper allowance for obsolete and excess inventory.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 

The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, including property, plant and
equipment, at least annually or when events and circumstances warrant such a review. This review
is performed using estimates of future undiscounted cash flows, which include proceeds from
disposal of assets. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is greater than the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows, and if that excess carrying value is determined to be permanent,
then the long-lived asset is considered impaired and an impairment charge is recorded for the
amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value.

The Company has a significant amount of property, plant and equipment. The determination as to
whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be
recoverable involves judgment. The Company believes that its estimate of future undiscounted cash
flows is a critical accounting estimate because (i) it requires the Company to make assumptions
about future results and (ii) the impact of recognizing an impairment charge could have a material
impact on the Company s financial position and results of operations.

In projecting future undiscounted cash flows, the Company relies on internal budgets and forecasts;
and projected proceeds upon disposal of long-lived assets. The Company s budgets and forecasts
are based on historical results and anticipated future market conditions, such as the general
business climate and the effectiveness of competition.

The Company believes that its estimates of future undiscounted cash flows and fair value are
reasonable; however, changes in estimates of such undiscounted cash flows and fair value could
change the Company s estimates of fair value. Further, actual results can differ significantly
from assumptions used by the Company in making its estimates. Future changes in the Company s
estimates could result in future impairment charges.

Valuation of deferred tax allowance 

The Company accounts for deferred taxes in accordance with SFAS No. 109,  Accounting for Income
Taxes , whereby the Company recognizes an income tax benefit related to its consolidated net losses
and other temporary differences between financial reporting basis and tax reporting basis. At
September 30, 2006, the Company s net deferred tax asset before any valuation allowance was $4.5
million.

At September 30, 2006, the income tax benefit related to its consolidated net losses and other
temporary differences between financial reporting basis and tax reporting basis was offset by a
valuation allowance of $4.6 million based on an assessment of the Company s ability to realize such
benefits. In assessing the Company s ability to realize its deferred tax assets, management
considered the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and
tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Future reversal of the valuation allowance will
be achieved either when the tax benefit is realized or when it has been determined that it is more
likely than not that the benefit will be realized through future taxable income.

17 

Table of Contents   

G. Recently Issued Accounting Standards 

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) No. 158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R) . This Statement
requires an employer to (i) recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan)  measured as the difference between plan
assets at fair value and the benefit obligation as an asset or liability in its statement of
financial position; (ii) recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes
occur through comprehensive income; (iii) recognize as a component of other comprehensive income,
net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but
are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to FASB Statement No. 87,
 Employers  Accounting for Pensions , or No. 106,  Employers  Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions  and (iv) measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of
the date of the employer s fiscal year end .  Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income, including the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and the transition asset or
obligation remaining from the initial application of Statements 87 and 106, are adjusted as they
are subsequently recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to the recognition
and amortization provisions of those statements. For an employer with publicly traded equity
securities, SFAS No 158 is effective as of the end of the fiscal year ending after December 15,
2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its adoption of SFAS No. 158 on its
financial position and results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,  Fair Value Measurement . This Statement defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles (GAAP), and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 applies
under other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, the FASB
having previously concluded in those accounting pronouncements that fair value is the relevant
measurement attribute. Accordingly, this statement does not require any new fair value
measurements. However, for some entities, the application of this statement will change current
practice. SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning
after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this
statement in fiscal 2008 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial
position or results of its operations.

In September 2006, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) released Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 108 ( SAB No. 108 ),  Financial Statement Misstatements . SAB No. 108 expresses the
SEC staff s view regarding the process of quantifying financial statement misstatements. The
Interpretations in SAB No. 108 are being issued to address diversity in practice in quantifying
financial statement misstatements and the potential under current practice for the build up of
improper amounts on the balance sheet. SAB No. 108 is effective for annual financial statements
covering the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. The adoption of this statement in
fiscal 2007 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
results of its operations.

In June 2006, FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48 ( FIN 48 ),  Accounting for Uncertainty in
Income Taxes    an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes . FIN 48
clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity s financial
statements and provides guidance on the recognition, derecognition, and measurement of benefits
related to an entity s uncertain tax position(s). FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its adoption of FIN 48
on its financial position and results of operations.

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155,  Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial
Instruments    an amendment of FASB Statements No. 133,  Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities  and No. 140,  Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities . SFAS No. 155 resolves issues addressed in Statement 133
Implementation Issue No. D1,  Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized
Financial Assets . This Statement (i) permits fair value remeasurement for any hybrid financial
instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation; (ii)
clarifies which interest-only strips and principal-only strips are not subject to the requirements
of Statement 133; (iii) establishes a requirement to evaluate interests in securitized financial
assets to identify interests that are freestanding derivatives or that are hybrid financial
instruments that contain an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation; (iv) clarifies that
concentrations of credit risk in the form of subordination are not embedded derivatives; and (v)
amends Statement 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying special-purpose entity from
holding a derivative financial instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than another
derivative financial instrument. SFAS No. 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired
or issued after the beginning of an entity s first fiscal year that begins after September 15,
2006. The Company does not expect the adoption of this statement in fiscal year 2007 to have a
material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.

18 

Table of Contents   

In May 2005, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting No. 154,  Accounting Changes and
Error Corrections    a replacement of Accounting Principles Board ( APB ) Opinion No. 20,
 Accounting Changes , and FASB Statement No. 3,  Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial
Statements . This statement changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a
change in accounting principle. This statement applies to all voluntary changes in accounting
principle. It also applies to changes required by an accounting pronouncement in the unusual
instance that the pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions. APB Opinion No.
20 previously required that most voluntary changes in accounting principle be recognized by
including in net income of the period of the change the cumulative effect of changing to the new
accounting principle. This statement requires retrospective application to prior periods 
financial statements of changes in accounting principle, unless it is impracticable to determine
either the period-specific effects or the cumulative effect of the change. When it is
impracticable to determine the period-specific effects of a change in accounting principle on one
or more individual periods presented, this statement requires that the new accounting principle be
applied to the balances of assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the earliest period for
which retrospective application is practicable and that a corresponding adjustment be made to the
opening balance of retained earnings (or other appropriate components of equity or net assets in
the statement of financial position) for that period. When it is impracticable to determine the
cumulative effect of applying a change in accounting principle to all prior periods, this statement
requires that the new accounting principle be applied as if it were adopted prospectively from the
earliest date practicable. SFAS No. 154 is effective for changes in accounting principle made in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
statement in fiscal year 2007 to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
results of operations.

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

In the ordinary course of business, the Company is subject to foreign currency and interest
rate risk. The risks primarily relate to the sale of the Company s products in transactions
denominated in non-U.S. dollar currencies (primarily the euro); the payment in local currency of
wages and other costs related to the Company s non-U.S. operations; and changes in interest rates
on the Company s long-term debt obligations. The Company does not hold or issue financial
instruments for trading purposes.

The Company believes that inflation has not materially affected its results of operations in 2006,
and does not expect inflation to be a significant factor in fiscal 2007.

A. Foreign Currency Risk 

The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for all of the Company s U.S. operations. Also, through
September 30, 2006, the U.S. dollar was the functional currency for the Company s Irish subsidiary
because a substantial majority of the subsidiary s transactions were denominated in U.S. dollars.
For these operations, all gains and losses from completed currency transactions are included in
income currently. For the Company s other non-U.S. subsidiaries, the functional currency is the
local currency. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the rate of exchange at
the end of the period and revenues and expenses are translated using average rates of exchange.
Foreign currency translation adjustments are reported as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statements of shareholders  equity.

Subsequent to September 30, 2006, as a result of the sale of the large aerospace portion of the
Irish subsidiary s turbine engine component repair business and certain related assets, the
majority of the Irish subsidiary s transactions are expected to be denominated in euros.
Consequently, effective October 1, 2006, the functional currency of the remaining Irish
subsidiary s business will be the euro.

Historically, the Company has been able to mitigate the impact of foreign currency risk by means of
hedging such risk through the use of foreign currency exchange contracts, which typically expire
within one year. However, such risk is mitigated only for the periods for which the Company has
foreign currency exchange contracts in effect, and only to the extent of the U.S. dollar amounts of
such contracts. At September 30, 2006, the Company had no forward exchange contracts outstanding.
The Company will continue to evaluate its foreign currency risk, if any, and the effectiveness of
using similar hedges in the future to mitigate such risk.

19 

Table of Contents   

At September 30, 2006, the Company s assets and liabilities denominated in the British pound, the
Euro and Swedish Krona were as follows (Amounts in thousands):

B. Interest Rate Risk 

The Company s primary interest rate risk exposure results from the variable interest rate
mechanisms associated with the Company s long-term debt consisting of a revolving credit agreement
with a U.S. bank. If interest rates were to increase or decrease 100 basis points (1%) from the
September 30, 2006 rate, and assuming no change in the amount outstanding under the revolving
credit agreement, annual interest expense to the Company would be nominally impacted. The
Company s sensitivity analyses of the effects of changes in interest rates do not consider the
impact of a potential change in the level of variable rate borrowings or derivative instruments
outstanding that could take place if these hypothetical conditions prevail.

20 

Table of Contents   

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SIFCO Industries, Inc. (an Ohio
Corporation) and Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and 2005 and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders  equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended September 30, 2006. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The
Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial
reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control
over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit
provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of
September 30, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.

Our audit was conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the basic financial statements
taken as a whole. Schedule II is presented for purposes of additional analysis and is not a
required part of the basic financial statements. This schedule has been subjected to the auditing
procedures applied in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion, is fairly
stated in all material respects in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole.

/s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP

Cleveland, Ohio 
November 3, 2006 (except for Note 5 as to 
     which the date is November 29, 2006)

21 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statements of Operations 
(Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

22 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Balance Sheets 
(Amounts in thousands, except per share data) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

23 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
(Amounts in thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

24 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity 
(Amounts in thousands) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

25 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries  

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
Years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 
(Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 

1 .  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

A. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS 

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the  Company ) are engaged in the production and sale of a
variety of metalworking processes, services and products produced primarily to the specific design
requirements of its customers. The processes and services include forging, heat-treating, coating,
welding, machining and selective electrochemical finishing; and the products include forgings,
machined forged parts and other machined metal parts, remanufactured component parts for turbine
engines, and selective electrochemical finishing solutions and equipment. The Company s operations
are conducted in three business segments: (1) Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group, (2) Turbine
Component Services and Repair Group and (3) Applied Surface Group.

B. PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been
eliminated. The U.S. dollar is the functional currency for all the Company s U.S. operations as
well as its Irish subsidiary. The functional currency of the Irish subsidiary is the U.S. dollar
because a substantial majority of the subsidiary s transactions are denominated in U.S. dollars.
For these operations, all gains and losses from completed currency transactions are included in
income currently. For the Company s other non-U.S. subsidiaries, the functional currency is the
local currency. Assets and liabilities are translated into U.S. dollars at the rates of exchange
at the end of the period and revenues and expenses are translated using average rates of exchange.
Foreign currency translation adjustments are reported as a component of accumulated other
comprehensive loss in the consolidated statements of shareholders  equity.

C. CASH EQUIVALENTS 

The Company considers all highly liquid short-term investments with original maturities of three
months or less to be cash equivalents.

D. INVENTORY VALUATION 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined using the last-in,
first-out ( LIFO ) method for approximately 59% and 60% of the Company s inventories at September
30, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Cost is determined using the specific identification method for
approximately 12% and 18% of the Company s inventories at September 30, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. The first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method is used to value the remainder of the
Company s inventories.

The Company maintains allowances for obsolete and excess inventory. The Company evaluates its
allowances for obsolete and excess inventory each quarter. Each business segment maintains formal
policies, which require at a minimum that reserves be established based on an analysis of the age
of the inventory on a part-by-part basis. In addition, if the Company learns of specific
obsolescence, other than that identified by the aging criteria, an additional reserve will be
recognized as well. Specific obsolescence may arise due to a technological or market change, or
based on cancellation of an order.

E. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT 

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation is generally computed using the
straight-line and the double declining balance methods. Depreciation is provided in amounts
sufficient to amortize the cost of the assets over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation
provisions are based on estimated useful lives: (i) buildings, including building improvements   5
to 50 years and (ii) machinery and equipment, including office and computer equipment   3 to 20
years.

The Company reviews the carrying value of its long-lived assets, including property, plant and
equipment, at least annually or when events and circumstances warrant such a review. This review
is performed using estimates of future undiscounted cash flows, which include proceeds from
disposal of assets. If the carrying value of a long-lived asset is greater than the estimated
undiscounted future cash flows, the long-lived asset is considered impaired and an impairment
charge is recorded for the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its
fair value.

26 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements      (Continued)  

F. NET INCOME PER SHARE 

The Company s net income per basic share has been computed based on the weighted-average number of
common shares outstanding. Net income per diluted share reflects the effect of the Company s
outstanding stock options under the treasury stock method. However, during periods of operating
losses, outstanding stock options are not included in the calculation of net loss per diluted share
because such inclusion would be anti-dilutive.

G. REVENUE RECOGNITION 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the relevant portions of the Securities and
Exchange Commission s Staff Accounting Bulletins No. 101,  Revenue Recognition in Financial
Statements  and No. 104,  Revenue Recognition . Revenue is generally recognized when products are
shipped or services are provided to customers.

H. RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING STANDARDS 

In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) issued Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) No. 158,  Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other
Postretirement Plans an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R) . This Statement
requires an employer to (i) recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit
postretirement plan (other than a multiemployer plan)  measured as the difference between plan
assets at fair value and the benefit obligation as an asset or liability in its statement of
financial position; (ii) recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes
occur through comprehensive income; (iii) recognize as a component of other comprehensive income,
net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but
are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to FASB Statement No. 87,
 Employers  Accounting for Pensions , or No. 106,  Employers  Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions  and (iv) measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of
the date of the employer s fiscal year end ..  Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive
income, including the gains or losses, prior service costs or credits, and the transition asset or
obligation remaining from the initial application of Statements 87 and 106, are adjusted as they
are subsequently recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost pursuant to the recognition
and amortization provisions of those Statements. For an employer with publicly traded equity
securities, SFAS No 158 is effective as of the end of the fiscal year ending after December 15,
2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its adoption of SFAS No. 158 on its
financial position and results of operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157,  Fair Value Measurement . This Statement defines
fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting
principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS No. 157 applies under other
accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements, the FASB having
previously concluded in those accounting pronouncements that fair value is the relevant measurement
attribute. Accordingly, this statement does not require any new fair value measurements. However,
for some entities, the application of this statement will change current practice. SFAS No. 157 is
effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2007, and
interim periods within those fiscal years. The adoption of this statement in fiscal 2008 is not
expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or results of its
operations.

In September 2006, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ) released Staff Accounting
Bulletin No. 108 ( SAB No. 108 ),  Financial Statement Misstatements . SAB No. 108 expresses the
SEC staff s view regarding the process of quantifying financial statement misstatements. The
Interpretations in SAB No. 108 are being issued to address diversity in practice in quantifying
financial statement misstatements and the potential under current practice for the build up of
improper amounts on the balance sheet. SAB No. 108 is effective for annual financial statements
covering the first fiscal year ending after November 15, 2006. The adoption of this statement in
fiscal 2007 is not expected to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
results of its operations.

In June 2006, FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48 ( FIN 48 ),  Accounting for Uncertainty in
Income Taxes    an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109,  Accounting for Income Taxes . FIN 48
clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an entity s financial
statements and provides guidance on the recognition, derecognition, and measurement of benefits
related to an entity s uncertain tax position(s). FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2006. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of its adoption of FIN 48
on its financial position and results of operations.

27 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements      (Continued)  

In February 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 155,  Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial
Instruments    an amendment of FASB Statements No. 133,  Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities  and No. 140,  Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and
Extinguishments of Liabilities . SFAS No. 155 resolves issues addressed in Statement 133
Implementation Issue No. D1,  Application of Statement 133 to Beneficial Interests in Securitized
Financial Assets . This Statement (i) permits fair value remeasurement for any hybrid financial
instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation; (ii)
clarifies which interest-only strips and principal-only strips are not subject to the requirements
of Statement 133; (iii) establishes a requirement to evaluate interests in securitized financial
assets to identify interests that are freestanding derivatives or that are hybrid financial
instruments that contain an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation; (iv) clarifies that
concentrations of credit risk in the form of subordination are not embedded derivatives; and (v)
amends Statement 140 to eliminate the prohibition on a qualifying special-purpose entity from
holding a derivative financial instrument that pertains to a beneficial interest other than another
derivative financial instrument. SFAS No. 155 is effective for all financial instruments acquired
or issued after the beginning of an entity s first fiscal year that begins after September 15,
2006. The Company does not expect the adoption of this statement in fiscal year 2007 to have a
material impact on the Company s financial position or results of operations.

In May 2005, the FASB issued Statement of Financial Accounting No. 154,  Accounting Changes and
Error Corrections    a replacement of Accounting Principles Board ( APB ) Opinion No. 20,
 Accounting Changes , and FASB Statement No. 3,  Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial
Statements . This statement changes the requirements for the accounting for and reporting of a
change in accounting principle. This statement applies to all voluntary changes in accounting
principle. It also applies to changes required by an accounting pronouncement in the unusual
instance that the pronouncement does not include specific transition provisions. APB Opinion No.
20 previously required that most voluntary changes in accounting principle be recognized by
including in net income of the period of the change the cumulative effect of changing to the new
accounting principle. This statement requires retrospective application to prior periods 
financial statements of changes in accounting principle, unless it is impracticable to determine
either the period-specific effects or the cumulative effect of the change. When it is
impracticable to determine the period-specific effects of a change in accounting principle on one
or more individual periods presented, this statement requires that the new accounting principle be
applied to the balances of assets and liabilities as of the beginning of the earliest period for
which retrospective application is practicable and that a corresponding adjustment be made to the
opening balance of retained earnings (or other appropriate components of equity or net assets in
the statement of financial position) for that period. When it is impracticable to determine the
cumulative effect of applying a change in accounting principle to all prior periods, this statement
requires that the new accounting principle be applied as if it were adopted prospectively from the
earliest date practicable. SFAS No. 154 is effective for changes in accounting principle made in
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2005. The Company does not expect the adoption of this
statement in fiscal year 2007 to have a material impact on the Company s financial position or
results of operations.

I. USE OF ESTIMATES 

Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States require management to make a number
of estimates and assumptions relating to the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the
disclosure of contingent liabilities, at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the
reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period in preparing these financial
statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

J. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK 

Receivables are presented net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $669 and $682 at September 30,
2006 and 2005, respectively. During fiscal 2006 and 2005, $135 and $65 of accounts receivable were
written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts, respectively. Bad debt expense (income)
totaled $121, $115 and $(104) in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Most of the Company s receivables represent trade receivables due from manufacturers of turbine
engines and aircraft components, airlines, and turbine engine overhaul companies located throughout
the world, including a significant concentration of U.S. based companies. Approximately 23% of the
Company s net sales in 2006 were to two of its largest customers, with an additional 10% of
combined net sales to various direct subcontractors to those two customers. No other single group
or customer represents greater than 4% of total net sales in 2006. The Company performs ongoing
credit evaluations of its customers  financial conditions. The Company believes its allowance for
doubtful accounts is sufficient based on the credit exposures outstanding at September 30, 2006.
However, certain customers have filed for bankruptcy protection in the last several years and it is
possible that additional credit losses could be incurred if other customers seek bankruptcy
protection.

28 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

K. STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION 

Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R (revised 2004) on October 1, 2005, the Company employed the
disclosure-only provisions of SFAS No. 123,  Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation  ( SFAS No.
123 ). The following pro forma information regarding net income and earnings per share was
determined as if the Company had accounted for its stock options under the fair value method
prescribed by SFAS No. 123. For purposes of pro forma disclosure, the estimated fair value of the
stock options is amortized over the options  vesting periods. The pro forma information is as
follows:

L. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS 

The Company utilizes from time-to-time foreign currency exchange contracts as part of the
management of its foreign currency risk exposure. The Company has no financial instruments held
for trading purposes. All financial instruments are put into place to hedge specific exposure. To
qualify as a hedge, the item to be hedged must expose the Company to foreign currency risk and the
hedging instrument must effectively reduce that risk. If the financial instrument is designated as
a cash flow hedge, the effective portions of changes in the fair value of the financial instrument
are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the shareholders  equity section of the
consolidated balance sheets. Ineffective portions of changes in the fair value of the financial
instrument, to the extent they may exist, are recognized in the consolidated statements of
operations.

Historically, the Company has been able to mitigate the impact of foreign currency risk by means of
hedging such risk through the use of foreign currency exchange contracts, which typically expire
within one year. However, such risk is mitigated only for the periods for which the Company has
foreign currency exchange contracts in effect, and only to the extent of the U.S. dollar amounts of
such contracts. At September 30, 2006, the Company had no forward exchange contracts outstanding.

Through the first quarter of fiscal 2005, the Company used an interest rate swap agreement to
reduce risks related to variable-rate debt. This was designated as a cash flow hedge. Cash flows
related to the interest rate swap agreement were included in interest expense. The Company s
interest rate swap agreement and its variable-rate term debt were based upon three-month LIBOR. In
December 2004, the Company terminated its interest rate swap agreement with a notional amount of
$4,500 in conjunction with the repayment of the Company s variable rate term note payable to bank.
The loss from the termination of the interest rate swap agreement, $79, was charged to interest
expense. During 2005 through the date of its termination, the interest rate swap agreement
qualified as a fully effective cash flow hedge against the Company s variable-rate term note
interest risk.

M. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development expense was
approximately $669, $920 and $835 in fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

29 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

N. ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

Comprehensive loss is net income (loss) plus certain other items that are recorded directly to
shareholders  equity. The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, at
September 30 consist of:

O. RECLASSIFICATIONS 

Certain amounts in prior years have been reclassified to conform to the 2006 consolidated financial
statement presentation.

2. Inventories 

Inventories at September 30 consist of:

If the FIFO method had been used for the entire Company, inventories would have been $6,860 and
$4,122 higher than reported at September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

3. Accrued Liabilities 

Accrued liabilities at September 30 consist of:

4. Government Grants 

The Company received grants from certain government entities as an incentive to invest in
facilities, research and employees. The Company has historically elected to treat capital and
employment grants as a contingent obligation and does not commence amortizing such grants into
income until such time as it is more certain that the Company will not be required to repay a
portion of these grants. Capital grants are amortized into income over the estimated useful lives
of the related assets. Employment grants are amortized into income over five years.

30 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

During fiscal year 2006, and in conjunction with the asset divestiture described in Note 9,
the Company renegotiated the terms of certain of its grant agreements. The amended agreements
revised the minimum employment level threshold that could trigger repayment of certain grants and
cancelled any further grant repayments under certain other grant agreements. The Company s relevant
employment levels at September 30, 2006 met or exceeded the minimum employment level threshold set
by its grant agreements, as amended. The Company expects to meet or exceed its employment level
threshold through December 31, 2006, the expiration date of the grants subject to repayment.
Accordingly, the Company continues to present such contingent obligations in other long-term
liabilities. If the employment level threshold is met at December 31, 2006, the Company will not
be required to repay the grants and the related contingent obligation amounts will then be treated
as deferred grant revenue and will be recognized as income at that time in accordance with the
above described grant amortization method. The unamortized portion of deferred grant revenue
recorded in other long-term liabilities at September 30, 2006 and September 30, 2005 was $2,423 and
$3,251, respectively. The majority of the Company s grants are denominated in euros. The Company
adjusts its deferred grant revenue balance in response to currency exchange rate fluctuations for
as long as such grants are treated as obligations. Primarily as a result of the amendment and
expiration of certain grant agreements during fiscal year 2006, the Company recognized, in other
income in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations, grant income of $746 in fiscal
2006. The Company recognized grant income of $66 and $116 in fiscal 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Prior to expiration, a grant may be repayable in certain circumstances, principally upon the sale
of related assets, or discontinuation or reduction of operations. The contingent liability for
such potential repayments, including the previously discussed unamortized portion of deferred grant
revenue, was $2,061 and $5,838 at September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

5. Long-Term Debt 

Long-term debt at September 30 consists of:

At September 30, 2006, the Company has a $6,000 revolving credit agreement with a U.S. bank subject
to sufficiency of collateral that expires on October 1, 2007 and bears interest at the U.S. bank s
base rate plus 0.50%. The interest rate was 8.75% and 7.25% at September 30, 2006 and 2005,
respectively. The daily average balance outstanding against the U.S. revolving credit agreement
was $655 and $1,685 during 2006 and 2005, respectively. A commitment fee of 0.375% is incurred on
the unused balance. At September 30, 2006, the Company had $5,538 available under its $6,000 U.S.
revolving credit agreement. The Company s revolving credit agreement is secured by substantially
all of the Company s assets located in the U.S., a guarantee by its U.S. subsidiaries and a pledge
of 65% of the Company s ownership interest in one of its non-U.S. subsidiaries.

Under its revolving credit agreement with the U.S. bank, the Company is subject to certain
customary covenants. These include, without limitation, covenants (as defined) that require
maintenance of certain specified financial ratios, including a minimum tangible net worth level and
a minimum EBITDA level. During 2006, the Company entered into agreements with its U.S. bank to (i)
waive certain provisions of its revolving credit agreement for periods prior to May 1, 2006, (ii)
amend its financial ratio covenants for future periods; and (iii) extend the maturity date of the
revolving credit agreement. In November 2006, the Company entered into an agreement with its U.S.
bank to waive and/or amend certain provisions of its revolving credit agreement. The amendment (i)
waives the Company s required minimum EBITDA level for periods prior to October 1, 2006 and (ii)
amends the Company s required minimum EBITDA level for future periods. Taking into consideration
the impact of this amendment, the Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants at
September 30, 2006.

31 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

Effective September 29, 2005, the Company s Irish subsidiary, entered into a debt purchase
agreement and certain related agreements with an Irish bank. On May 10, 2006 the Company s Repair
Group completed the sale of the large aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair
business and certain related assets. As part of this transaction, the Repair Group s Irish
subsidiary used the related proceeds to pay off the remaining outstanding balance of its debt
purchase agreement with the Irish bank.

6. Income Taxes 

The components of income (loss) before income tax provision (benefit) are as follows:

The income tax provision consists of the following:

The income tax provision differs from amounts currently payable or refundable due to certain items
reported for financial statement purposes in periods that differ from those in which they are
reported for tax purposes. The income tax provision in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations differs from amounts determined by using the statutory rate as follows:

32 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

Deferred tax assets and liabilities at September 30 consist of the following:

At September 30, 2006 the Company has U.S. federal and non-U.S. tax loss carryforwards of
approximately $11,500 and $5,500, respectively. The U.S. federal tax loss carryforwards expire in
2022 through 2026. The non-U.S. tax loss carryforwards do not expire. The Company has U.S. federal
tax credit carryforwards of approximately $442, which expire in 2008.

At September 30, 2006, the Company recorded a decrease of $459 in the valuation allowance against
its net deferred tax assets. In assessing the Company s ability to realize its net deferred tax
assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of its net
deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management considered the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment. Future reversal of the valuation allowance may be achieved either when the tax benefit
is realized or when it has been determined that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be
realized through future taxable income.

Cumulative undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries for which no U.S. federal deferred
income tax liabilities have been established were approximately $10,000 at September 30, 2006. The
incremental U.S. federal income tax related to any repatriation of these cumulative foreign
earnings is indeterminable currently. The incremental foreign withholding taxes associated with a
repatriation of all such earnings would approximate $500. During fiscal 2005, the Company received
distributions from the earnings of its non-U.S. subsidiaries accumulated subsequent to September
30, 2000. The Company elected to treat the $13,440 distribution from the earnings of its non-U.S.
subsidiaries in 2005 under the provisions of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, whereby the
qualifying portion of the distribution was eligible for favorable tax treatment.

33 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

7. Retirement Benefit Plans 

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit pension plans covering
most of its employees. The Company s funding policy for U.S. defined benefit pension plans is
based on an actuarially determined cost method allowable under Internal Revenue Service
regulations. Non-U.S. plans are funded in accordance with the requirements of regulatory bodies
governing the plans.

One of the Company s U.S. defined benefit pension plans, which plan covers substantially all
non-union employees of the Company s U.S. operations that were hired prior to March 1, 2003, was
frozen in 2003. Consequently, although the plan will otherwise continue, the plan ceased the
accrual of additional pension benefits for future service.

In 2006, the Company s Irish subsidiary advised the trustees of its two non-U.S. defined benefit
pension plans that the Company would cease making contributions to such plans effective August 1,
2006. The trustees subsequently advised the Company that (i) it is the intention of the trustees to
initiate a wind-up of both defined benefit pension plans during fiscal 2007 and (ii) based on short
term fluctuations in the capital markets, the plan assets of one of the defined benefit pension
plans may not be sufficient to meet the minimum transfer value obligations to such plan s
participants at the date of wind up. The Company agreed that, should a shortfall in plan assets
exist relative to minimum transfer value obligations at the date of wind up, it would satisfy such
shortfall for that one plan provided that the plan trustees do not allow certain additional
benefits to accrue to participants during the wind up process. The trustees of its two non-U.S.
defined benefit pension plans advised the Company that, as of September 30, 2006, the assets of
both plans were sufficient to meet such plans  minimum transfer value obligations. For financial
reporting purposes, the Company s actions with respect to these two plans result in the curtailment
of both plans. No net curtailment gain or loss has been recognized in the accompanying consolidated
statement of operations for fiscal 2006.

The Company uses a July 1 measurement date for its U.S. defined benefit pension plans and a
September 30 measurement date for its non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans. For 2006 and 2005,
the Company s defined benefit plans had accumulated benefit obligations of $27,031 and $29,808.
Net pension expense for the Company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans consists of the
following:

34 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

The status of all U.S. and non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans at September 30 is as
follows:

35 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

Where applicable, the following weighted-average assumptions were used in developing the
benefit obligation and the net pension expense for defined benefit pension plans:

The following table sets forth the asset allocation of the Company defined benefit pension plan
assets at September 30, 2006 and 2005:

Investment objectives of the Company s defined benefit plans  assets are to (i) optimize the
long-term return on the plans  assets while assuming an acceptable level of investment risk, (ii)
maintain an appropriate diversification across asset classes and among investment managers, and
(iii) maintain a careful monitoring of the risk level within each asset class. Asset allocation
objectives are established to promote optimal expected returns and volatility characteristics given
the long-term time horizon for fulfilling the obligations of the Company s defined benefit pension
plans. Selection of the appropriate asset allocation for the plans  assets was based upon a review
of the expected return and risk characteristics of each asset class.

External consultants assist the Company with monitoring the appropriateness of the investment
strategy and the related asset mix and performance. To develop the expected long-term rate of
return assumptions on plan assets, generally the Company uses long-term historical information for
the target asset mix selected. Adjustments are made to the expected long-term rate of return
assumptions when deemed necessary based upon revised expectations of future investment performance
of the overall investments markets.

The Company expects to make contributions of $1,294 to its defined benefit pension plans during
fiscal 2007. The following benefit payments, which reflect expected future service of
participants, are expected to be paid. Included in the $11,211 projected benefit payments for the
year ending September 30, 2007 is $10,566 that is to be funded (entirely) out of the plan assets of
the Company s two non-U.S. defined benefit pension plans in conjunction with the aforementioned
wind-up of such plans in fiscal 2007:

The Company also contributes to a U.S. multi-employer retirement plan for certain union employees.
The Company s contributions to the plan in 2006, 2005 and 2004 were $48, $41 and $44, respectively.

36 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

Substantially all non-union U.S. employees of the Company and its U.S. subsidiaries are
eligible to participate in the Company s U.S. defined contribution plan. The Company makes a
quarterly matching contribution to this Plan equal to an amount that represents up to 5% of
eligible participant compensation. The Company s matching contribution expense for this defined
contribution plan in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $221, $214 and $199, respectively.

The Company s Irish subsidiary sponsors, for all of its employees, a tax-advantage profit sharing
program. Company discretionary contributions and employee elective contributions are invested in
Common Shares of the Company without being subject to personal income taxes if held for at least
three years. Employees have the option of taking taxable cash distributions. There was no
contribution expense in 2006, 2005 and 2004.

The Company s Irish subsidiary also sponsors, for certain of its employees, a defined contribution
plan. The Company contributes annually 7.5% of eligible employee compensation, as defined. Total
contribution expense in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $75, $30 and $17, respectively. The contribution
expense increased in 2006 due principally to the Company s Irish subsidiary s agreement, as part of
its decision to cease making contributions to its two defined benefit pension plans effective
August 1, 2006, to make additional contributions to its defined contribution plan over a 24-month
period beginning in 2006.

The Company s Irish subsidiary established a Personal Retirement Savings Account Plan, a portable
retirement savings plan, which is to be funded entirely by plan participant contributions. The
Company is not obligated to contribute to this plan.

The Company s United Kingdom subsidiary sponsors, for certain of its employees, two defined
contribution plans. The Company contributes annually 5% of eligible employees  compensation, as
defined. Total contribution expense in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $31, $40 and $26, respectively.

8. Stock-Based Compensation 

The Company awarded stock options under its shareholder approved 1995 Stock Option Plan ( 1995
Plan ) and 1998 Long-term Incentive Plan ( 1998 Plan ). Under the 1995 Plan, the initial aggregate
number of stock options that were available to be granted was 200,000 and, at September 30, 2006,
no further options may be awarded under such Plan. The aggregate number of stock options that were
available to be granted under the 1998 Plan in any fiscal year was limited to 1.5% of the total
outstanding Common Shares of the Company as of September 30, 1998, up to a maximum of 5% of such
total outstanding shares, subject to adjustment for forfeitures. At September 30, 2006, no further
options may be awarded under the 1998 Plan. Option exercise price is not less than fair
market value on date of grant and options are exercisable no later than ten years from date of
grant. Options issued under all plans generally vest at a rate of 25% per year.

Option activity is as follows:

As of September 30, 2006, there was $51 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to the
unvested stock options granted under the Company s stock option plans. That cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted average period of 1.5 years.

37 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

The following table provides additional information regarding options outstanding as of
September 30, 2006:

On October 1, 2005, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) No.
123R (revised 2004),  Share-Based Payment . This Statement focuses primarily on accounting for
transactions in which an entity obtains employee services in share-based payment transactions. SFAS
No 123R (revised 2004) requires all equity instrument-based payments to employees, including grants
of employee stock options, to be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values. The
Company adopted this statement using the modified prospective method and, accordingly, prior period
results have not been restated. Under this method, the Company is required to record compensation
expense for all equity instrument-based awards granted after the date of adoption and for the
unvested portion of previously granted equity instrument-based awards that remain outstanding at
the date of adoption. Total compensation expense recognized in fiscal 2006 was $78. No tax benefit
was recognized for this compensation expense. Prior to the adoption of SFAS No. 123R
(revised 2004) the Company employed the disclosure-only provisions of SFAS No. 123,  Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation  ( SFAS No. 123 ). Pro forma information required by this standard
regarding net loss and net loss per share can be found in Note 1   Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies. This information is required to be determined as if the Company had accounted
for its stock options granted subsequent to September 30, 1996 under the fair value method of that
standard.

The fair values of options granted in fiscal years ending September 30, 2005 and 2004 were
estimated at the dates of grants using a Black-Scholes options pricing model with the following
weighted average assumptions:

Based upon the preceding assumptions, the weighted average fair values of stock options granted
during fiscal years 2005 and 2004 were $2.02 and $1.87 per share, respectively.

Under the Company s restricted stock program, Common Shares of the Company may be granted at no
cost to certain officers and key employees. These shares vest over either a four or five-year
period, with either 25% or 20% vesting each year, respectively. Under the terms of the program,
participants will not be entitled to dividends nor voting rights until the shares have vested.
Upon issuance of Common Shares under the program, unearned compensation equivalent to the market
value of the Common Shares at the date of award is charged to shareholders  equity and subsequently
amortized to expense over the vesting periods. Compensation expense related to the amortization of
unearned compensation was $61, $69 and $87 in fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. At
September 30, 2006, there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock
awards.

38 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

9. Asset Divestiture 

On May 10, 2006 the Company and its Irish subsidiary, SIFCO Turbine Components Limited ( SIFCO
Turbine ), completed the sale of the large aerospace portion of its turbine engine component repair
business and certain related assets to SR Technics, which is based in Zurich, Switzerland, through
a wholly-owned Irish subsidiary named SR Technics Airfoil Services Limited. Historically, the
large aerospace portion of SIFCO Turbine s turbine engine component repair business was operated in
portions of two facilities located in Cork, Ireland, one of which was sold as part of the
transaction. Net proceeds from the sale of the business and certain related assets, after
approximately $800 of third party transaction charges, were $8,950 and the assets that were sold
had a net book value of approximately $4,500. Of the $8,950 of net proceeds, $900 had been earned
but remained in escrow as of September 30, 2006, and is expected to be received in the first
quarter of fiscal 2007. The Company s Repair Group recognized a gain of approximately $4,400 on
disposal of operating assets in 2006. SIFCO Turbine retains substantially all existing liabilities
of the business and the Company has guaranteed the performance by SIFCO Turbine of all of its
obligations under an applicable asset purchase agreement.

The cash flows of the large aerospace portion of the turbine engine component repair business
cannot be clearly distinguished operationally, and for financial reporting purposes, from the rest
of SIFCO Turbine s operations. While the related revenues of the large aerospace portion of the
turbine engine component repair business can be clearly distinguished, the related costs cannot be
clearly distinguished as there are many common costs that would require allocation. Consequently,
the large aerospace portion of the turbine engine component repair business does not represent a
component of an entity as defined by SFAS No. 144,  Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-lived Assets  and the results of operations of such business were not reported in discontinued
operations in accordance with that standard. Net sales of the large aerospace portion of the
turbine engine component repair business that was sold were $9.4 million in fiscal 2006 through the
date of sale and $20.5 million in fiscal 2005.

10. Contingencies 

In the normal course of business, the Company may be involved in ordinary, routine legal
actions. The Company cannot reasonably estimate future costs, if any, related to these matters but
does not believe any such matters are material to its financial condition or results of operations.
The Company maintains various liability insurance coverages to protect its assets from losses
arising out of or involving activities associated with ongoing and normal business operations,
although it is possible that the Company s future operating results could be affected by future
cost of litigation.

The Company leases various facilities and equipment under leases expiring at various dates. At
September 30, 2006, minimum rental commitments under non-cancelable leases are as follows:

39 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

11. Business Segments 

The Company identifies reportable segments based upon distinct products manufactured and
services performed. The Turbine Component Services and Repair Group ( Repair Group ) consists
primarily of the repair and remanufacture of aerospace and industrial turbine engine components.
The Repair Group is also involved in precision component machining and industrial coatings for
turbine engine applications. The Aerospace Component Manufacturing Group consists of the
production, heat-treatment, surface-treatment, non-destructive testing, and some machining of
forged components in various steel alloys utilizing a variety of processes for application
principally in the aerospace industry. The Applied Surface Concepts Group is a provider of
specialized selective electrochemical metal finishing processes and services used to apply metal
coatings to a selective area of a component. The Company s reportable segments are separately
managed.

One customer of all three of the Company s segments accounted for 13%, 16% and 7% of the Company s
consolidated net sales in 2006, 2005 and 2004. Another customer of all three of the Company s
segments in 2006, two of the Company s segments in 2005 and all three of the Company s segments in
2004 accounted for 10%, 12% and 13% of the Company s consolidated net sales in 2006, 2005 and 2004,
respectively. The combined net sales to these two customers and to the direct subcontractors to
these two customers accounted for 33% of the Company s consolidated net sales in 2006.

Geographic net sales are based on location of customer. The U.S. is the single largest country for
unaffiliated customer sales, accounting for 64%, 58% and 57% of consolidated net sales in fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. No other single country represents greater than 10% of
consolidated net sales in 2006, 2005 and 2004. Net sales to unaffiliated customers located in
various European countries in fiscal 2006 accounted for 23%, 28%, and 33% of consolidated net sales
in 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

Corporate unallocated expenses represent expenses that are not of a business segment operating
nature and, therefore, are not allocated to the business segments for reporting purposes.
Corporate identifiable assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents.

40 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

The following table summarizes certain information regarding segments of the Company s
operations:

41 

Table of Contents   

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      (Continued)  

12. Acquisition 

On October 12, 2005, the Company s Applied Surface Concepts Group acquired the stock of Selmet
Norden AB of Rattvik, Sweden, a supplier of contract manufacturing services for selective
electrochemical finishing that primarily serves the industrial community in Scandinavia. The
acquisition was accounted for as a purchase, with the results of operations included in the
consolidated financial statements beginning with the acquisition date. The purchase price, net of
cash acquired, was $434. The purchase price allocation resulted in current assets of $198,
property, plant and equipment of $484, and current liabilities of $248. Pro forma financial
information is not presented, as the effect of the acquisition is not material to the Company s
financial position or results of operations.

13. Summarized Quarterly Results of Operations (Unaudited) 

42 

Table of Contents   

Schedule II  

SIFCO Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
Years Ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 
(Amounts in thousands) 

(a) 
       
     Accounts determined to be uncollectible, net of recoveries 

(b) 
       
     Actual returns received 

(c) 
       
     Inventory sold or otherwise disposed 

(d) 
       
     Equipment sold or otherwise disposed 

(e) 
       
     Payment of workers  compensation claims 

43 

Table of Contents   

Item 9. Changes and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure  

None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  

The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the  Exchange Act ) that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in its reports filed or submitted
under the Exchange Act is processed, recorded, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and
procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of
achieving the desired control objectives, and management is required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures.

The Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company s management, including the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s
disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) as of the end of the
period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation, the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, because of the material weakness noted below,
the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective in timely alerting them to
material information relating to the Company (including its consolidated subsidiaries) required to
be included in the Company s periodic SEC filings. Notwithstanding the existence of the
material weakness described below, management has concluded that the consolidated financial
statements in this Form 10-K fairly present, in all material respects, the Company s financial
position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented.

A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results
in more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected. As of December 31, 2005, the end of the Company s
first fiscal quarter of 2006, the Company did not maintain effective controls to determine the
completeness and accuracy of the components of its inventory valuation. Subsequent to the issuance
of its unaudited consolidated condensed financial statements for the quarter ended December 31,
2005, the Company identified a clerical error in the calculation of its December 31, 2005 inventory
valuation that resulted in a net understatement of inventory of approximately $403,000. This
resulted in an overstatement of Cost of Goods Sold and a corresponding understatement of Income
Before Income Tax Provision of approximately $403,000 for the quarter ended December 31, 2005. This
control deficiency resulted in a restatement to the Company s quarterly financial statements for
its first quarter of fiscal 2006. Accordingly, management has determined that this control
deficiency constitutes a material weakness.

Remediation of Material Weakness   the Company has accelerated the timeliness of its detailed
account analysis with respect to inventory cost capitalization, such that a more thorough analysis
is completed prior to the filing of each periodic financial report on Forms 10-Q and 10-K.

There has been no significant change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or that is reasonably likely
to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information  

None

44 

Table of Contents   

PART III 

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the executive officers of the
Company.

The Company incorporates herein by reference the information appearing under the captions  Proposal
to Elect Six (6) Directors ,  Stock Ownership of Executive Officers, Directors and Nominees ,
 Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  and  Organization and Compensation of the
Board of Directors  of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on or about December 15, 2006.

The Directors of the Company are elected annually to serve for one-year terms or until their
successors are elected and qualified.

The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics within the meaning of Item 406(b) of Regulation S-K under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Code of Ethics is applicable to, among other
people, the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, who is the Company s
Principal Financial Officer and to the Corporate Controller, who is the Company s Principal
Accounting Officer. The Company s Code of Ethics is available on its website: www.sifco.com.

Item 11. Executive Compensation  

The Company incorporates herein by reference the information appearing under the captions
 Executive Compensation ,  Report of the Compensation Committee  and  Performance Graph  of the
Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or
about December 15, 2006.

45 

Table of Contents   

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters  

(1) 
       
     Under the 1998 Long-term Incentive Plan the aggregate number of stock options that were
available to be granted in any fiscal year was limited to 1.5% of the total outstanding Common
Shares of the Company at September 30, 1998, up to a cumulative maximum of 5% of such total
outstanding shares, subject to adjustment for forfeitures. No further options may be awarded under
this plan. During 2006, no options granted under the 1998 Long-term Incentive Plan were exercised. 

(2) 
       
     Under the 1995 Stock Option Plan the initial aggregate number of stock options that were
available to be granted is 200,000. No further options may be awarded under this plan. During 2006,
no options granted under the 1995 Stock Option Plan were exercised. 

(3) 
       
     Under the Company s restricted stock program, Common Shares may be granted at no cost to
certain officers and key employees. These shares vest over either a four or five-year period, with
either 25% or 20% vesting each year, respectively. Under the terms of the program, participants
will not be entitled to dividends nor voting rights until the shares have vested. In fiscal 2002
and 2001, the Company awarded 50,000 four-year vesting and 100,000 five-year vesting restricted
Common Shares, respectively. 

For additional information concerning the Company s equity compensation plans, refer to the
discussion in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Company incorporates herein by reference the information appearing under the caption
 Outstanding Shares and Voting Rights  of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about December 15, 2006.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

During 2006, the Company incurred expenses of $108,000 to one of its directors for services
rendered as an independent sales representative to the Company. The Company believes that the rate
of compensation paid to this director in his capacity as an independent sales representative is
consistent with rates paid to its other independent sales representatives.

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services  

The Company incorporates herein by reference the information appearing under the caption
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services  of the Company s definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about December 15, 2006.

46 

Table of Contents   

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  

(a) (1)    Financial Statements:  

The following Consolidated Financial Statements; Notes to the Consolidated Financial
Statements and the Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in
Item 8.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004

Consolidated Balance Sheets   September 30, 2006 and 2005

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and
2004

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders  Equity for the Years Ended September 30, 2006, 2005
and 2004

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements   September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004

(a) (2)    Financial Statement Schedules:  

The following financial statement schedule is included in Item 8:

Schedule II   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of
the Securities and Exchange Commission are not required under the related regulations, are
inapplicable, or the information has been included in the Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

(a)(3)    Exhibits:  

The following exhibits are filed with this report or are incorporated herein by
reference to a prior filing in accordance with Rule 12b-32 under the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 (Asterisk denotes exhibits filed with this report.).

Exhibit  

No.  
       
      Description  

3.1

Third Amended Articles of Incorporation of SIFCO Industries,
Inc., filed as Exhibit 3(a) of the Company s Form 10-Q dated
March 31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference 

3.2

SIFCO Industries, Inc. Amended and Restated Code of
Regulations dated January 29, 2002, filed as Exhibit 3(b) of
the Company s Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2002, and incorporated
herein by reference 

4.2

Amended and Restated Credit Agreement Between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank dated April 30, 2002,
filed as Exhibit 4(b) of the Company s Form 10-Q dated March
31, 2002, and incorporated herein by reference 

4.5

Consolidated Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated November 26, 2002 between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.5
of the Company s Form 10-K dated September 30, 2002, and
incorporated herein by reference 

4.6

Consolidated Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated February 13, 2003 between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.6
of the Company s Form 10-Q dated December 31, 2002, and
incorporated herein by reference 

47 

Table of Contents   

Exhibit  

No.  
       
      Description  

4.7

Consolidated Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated May 13, 2003 between SIFCO Industries
Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.7 of the
Company s Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2003, and incorporated
herein by reference 

4.8

Consolidated Amendment No. 4 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated July 28, 2003 between SIFCO Industries,
Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.8 of the
Company s Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2003, and incorporated
herein by reference 

4.9

Consolidated Amendment No. 5 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated November 26, 2003 between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.9
of the Company s Form 10-K dated September 30, 2002, and
incorporated herein by reference 

4.10

Amendment No. 6 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
March 31, 2004 between SIFCO Industries, Inc. and National
City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.10 of the Company s Form 10-Q
dated March 31, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference 

4.11

Consolidated Amendment No. 7 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note dated May 14, 2004 between SIFCO Industries,
Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.11 of the
Company s Form 10-Q dated March 31, 2004, and incorporated
herein by reference 

4.12

Consolidated Amendment No. 8 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note effective June 30, 2004 between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.12
of the Company s Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2004, and
incorporated herein by reference 

4.13

Consolidated Amendment No. 9 to Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement, Amended and Restated Reimbursement Agreement and
Promissory Note effective November 12, 2004 between SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.13
to the Company s Form 10-K dated September 30, 2004, and
incorporated herein by reference 

4.14

Amendment No. 10 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of February 4, 2005 but effective as of December 31,
2004 between SIFCO Industries, Inc. and National City Bank,
filed as Exhibit 4.14 to the Company s Form 10-Q dated
December 31, 2004, and incorporated herein by reference 

4.15

Amendment No. 11 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated May 19, 2005 between SIFCO Industries, Inc. and National
City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.15 to the Company s Form 10-Q/A
dated March 31, 2005, and incorporated herein by reference 

4.16

Amendment No. 12 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated August 10, 2005 between SIFCO Industries, Inc. and
National City Bank, filed as Exhibit 4.16 to the Company s
Form 10-Q dated June 30, 2005, and incorporated herein by
reference 

4.17

Debt Purchase Agreement
Between The Governor and
Company of the Bank of
Ireland and SIFCO Turbine
Components Limited, filed
as Exhibit 4.17 to the
Company s Form 8-K dated
September 29, 2005, and
incorporated herein by
reference 

4.18

Mortgage and Charge dated
September 26, 2005 between
SIFCO Turbine Components
Limited and the Governor
and Company of the Bank of
Ireland, filed as Exhibit
4.18 to the Company s Form
8-K dated September 29,
2005, and incorporated
herein by reference 

4.19

Amendment No. 13 to
Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement dated
November 23, 2005 between
SIFCO Industries, Inc. and
National City Bank, filed
as Exhibit 4.19 to the
Company s Form 10-K dated
September 30, 2006, and
incorporated herein by
reference 

48 

Table of Contents   

49 

Table of Contents   

50 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized.

SIFCO Industries, Inc. 

By:

/s/ Frank A. Cappello 

Frank A. Cappello 

Vice President-Finance and
Chief 
     Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

Date: December 15, 2006 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been
signed below on December 15, 2006 by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the
capacities indicated.

/s/ Jeffrey P. Gotschall

Jeffrey P. Gotschall 
     Chairman of the Board and

/s/ Alayne L. Reitman

Alayne L. Reitman 
     Director

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Hudson D. Smith

/s/ J. Douglas Whelan 

Hudson D. Smith

J. Douglas Whelan 

Director

Director 

/s/ Frank N. Nichols

/s/ Frank A. Cappello 

Frank N. Nichols 
      Director

Frank A. Cappello 
     Vice President-Finance 

and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ P. Charles Miller

/s/ Remigijus H. Belzinskas 

P. Charles Miller

Remigijus H. Belzinskas 

Director

Corporate Controller 

(Principal Accounting Officer) 

51 

<EX-4.22>
 2
 l23637aexv4w22.htm
 EX-4.22

EX-4.22 

Exhibit 4.22 

AMENDMENT NO. 16 TO 

AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 

This Amendment No. 16 to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (this    Amendment   ), dated as of
November 29, 2006, is entered into by and between  SIFCO INDUSTRIES, INC.  (the    Borrower   ) and
 NATIONAL CITY BANK  (the    Bank   ) for the purposes amending and supplementing the documents and
instruments referred to below.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, Borrower and Bank are parties to an Amended and Restated Credit Agreement made as of
April 30, 2002, as amended from time to time (as amended, the    Credit Agreement    providing for
 $6,000,000  of revolving credits; all terms used in the Credit Agreement being used herein with the
same meaning); and

WHEREAS, Borrower and Bank desire to further amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement
to, among other things, amend and/or waive certain financial covenants applicable thereto;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements
contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

SECTION I      Amendments to Credit Agreement  

Subsection 3B.03 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended in its entirety to read as follows:

3B.03 EBITDA   Borrower shall not, at the end of each EBITDA Measurement Period, permit
the aggregate of the Reporting Group s Net Income for that period, plus the Reporting
Group s interest expense for that period, plus the Reporting Group s federal, state, and
local income tax expense, if any, for that period, plus the Reporting Group s depreciation
and amortization charges for that period, minus (plus) Ireland profit (loss) before taxes
and Ireland depreciation expense for that period, minus the Reporting Group s foreign
currency translation adjustment to fall below the following amounts for the EBITDA
Measurement Periods ending on the following dates:

Each    EBITDA Measurement Period    shall be a period of twelve (12) consecutive monthly fiscal
periods of Borrower ending on the last day of the twelfth such period; EXCEPT that the
EBITDA Measurement Periods ending in 2006 shall consist of the period from January 1, 2006
through and including that date. Commencing with the EBITDA Measurement Period ending
January 31, 2007, the EBITDA Measurement Period shall be the previous twelve (12) months.
Borrower shall provide Bank with its EBITDA figure on a monthly basis within fifteen (15)
days of month end.

If Borrower is in compliance with this covenant (commencing with the EBITDA Measurement Period
ending February 28, 2007), the definition of  EBITDA Measurement Period  shall change to a
period of four (4) consecutive quarterly fiscal periods of Borrower ending on the last day of
the fourth such period, and Borrower shall provide Bank with its EBITDA figure on a quarterly
basis within fifteen (15) days of quarter end.

SECTION II      Waiver  

Bank hereby waives all violations of section 3B.03 of the Credit Agreement, captioned EBITDA,
which occurred prior to the date hereof. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this
Amendment and the specific waiver set forth herein shall not operate as a waiver of any other
right, power or remedy of Bank under the Credit Agreement or constitute a continuing waiver of any
kind.

SECTION III      Representations and Warranties  

Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Bank, to the best of Borrower s knowledge, that

A. 
       
     none of the representations and warranties made in the Credit Agreement or any
Related Writing, (collectively, the  Loan Documents ) has ceased to be true and
complete in any material respect as of the date hereof; and 

B. 
       
     as of the date hereof no  Default  has occurred that is continuing under the
Loan Documents. 

SECTION IV      Acknowledgments Concerning Outstanding Loans  

Borrower acknowledges and agrees that, as of the date hereof, all of Borrower s outstanding
loan obligations to Bank are owed without any offset, deduction, defense, claim or counterclaim of
any nature whatsoever. Borrower authorizes Bank to share all credit and financial information
relating to Borrower with each of Bank s parent company and with any subsidiary or affiliate
company of such Bank or of such Bank s parent company.

SECTION V      References  

On and after the effective date of this Amendment, each reference in the Credit Agreement to
 this Agreement ,  hereunder ,  hereof , or words of like import referring to the Credit Agreement
shall mean and refer to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. The Loan Documents, as amended by
this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and
confirmed in all respects. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not
operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of Bank under the Loan Documents or constitute a
waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents except as specifically set forth herein.

SECTION VI      Counterparts and Governing Law  

This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each counterpart to be executed
by one or more of the parties but, when taken together, all counterparts shall constitute one
agreement. This Amendment, and the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto, shall
be construed in accordance with and governed by Ohio law.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Borrower and Bank have caused this Amendment to be executed by their
authorized officers as of the date and year first above written.

SIFCO INDUSTRIES, INC . 

NATIONAL CITY BANK  

By:

/s/ Frank Cappello

By:

/s/ Christian S. Brown 

Name:

Frank Cappello

Name:

Christian S. Brown 

Title:

V.P. Finance and CFO

Title:

Vice President 

2 

</EX-4.22>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 l23637aexv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1 

SIFCO Industries, Inc. 
Subsidiaries of the Company 
September 30, 2006 

State of Jurisdiction 

Subsidiary 
       
     of Incorporation 

SIFCO Custom Machining Company

Minnesota 

SIFCO Exports, Limited

Ireland 

SIFCO Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 

SIFCO Irish Holdings, Limited

Ireland 

SIFCO Research and Development, Limited

Ireland 

SIFCO Applied Surface Concepts

France 

SIFCO Applied Surface Concepts (UK), Limited

United Kingdom  

SIFCO Turbine Components Limited  
SIFCO Applied Surface Concepts Sweden AB

Ireland 
Sweden 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 l23637aexv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 
OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) 

I, Jeffrey P. Gotschall, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SIFCO Industries, Inc. 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
       
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such internal
controls and procedures to be designated under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; and 

b. 
       
     paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238, 33-8545, 34-51293
and 34-47986; and 

c. 
       
     evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
       
     disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions); 

a. 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: December 15, 2006

/s/ Jeffrey P. Gotschall 

Jeffrey P. Gotschall 

Chairman of the Board and 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 l23637aexv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 
OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
RULE 13A-14(A) / 15D-14(A) 

I, Frank A. Cappello, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SIFCO Industries, Inc. 

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this annual report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this annual report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
periods presented in this annual report; 

4. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
       
     designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such internal
controls and procedures to be designated under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; and 

b. 
       
     paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238, 33-8545, 34-51293
and 34-47986; and 

c. 
       
     evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
       
     disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions); 

a. 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

b. 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: December 15, 2006

/s/ Frank A. Cappello 

Frank A. Cappello 

Vice President   Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 l23637aexv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of SIFCO Industries, Inc. ( Company ) on Form 10-K for
the year ended September 30, 2006 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof ( Report ), I, Jeffrey P. Gotschall, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
       
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
       
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey P. Gotschall 

Jeffrey P. Gotschall 

Chairman of the Board and 

Chief Executive Officer 

December 15, 2006 

This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by SIFCO Industries, Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that SIFCO Industries, Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and will be retained by SIFCO Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 l23637aexv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

In connection with the Annual Report of SIFCO Industries, Inc. ( Company ) on Form 10-K for
the year ended September 30, 2006 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date
hereof ( Report ), I, Frank A. Cappello, Vice President   Finance and Chief Financial Officer of
the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

(1) 
       
     The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
       
     The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Frank A. Cappello 

Frank A. Cappello 

Vice President   Finance and 

Chief Financial Officer 

December 15, 2006 

This certification accompanies this Report on Form 10-K pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by such Act, be deemed
filed by SIFCO Industries, Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended (the  Exchange Act ). Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by
reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except
to the extent that SIFCO Industries, Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to SIFCO
Industries, Inc. and will be retained by SIFCO Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

</EX-32.2>

