<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061208_10-K_edgar_data_37651_0000037651-06-000010_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>425494</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>416040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1134</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>2</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000037651-06-000010.hdr.sgml : 20061208
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061208105120
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000037651-06-000010
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061208
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061208

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000037651
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CONCRETE GYPSUM  PLASTER PRODUCTS [3270]
		IRS NUMBER:				590573002
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07159
		FILM NUMBER:		061264501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 EAST 21ST STREET
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32206
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9043551781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		155 EAST 21ST ST
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SHANDS & BAKER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730405

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 S39JnMfzs2iSoiCQt5B3HZtm93LuSzJa7q/awaOGG+j8/CHOUzN2oP8Gr4koTtF2
 BejMjWP1lBn7wDri1IwlFw==

 0000037651-06-000010.txt : 20061208

10-K
 1
 fritext.txt
 FORM 10-K
 
                                  UNITED STATES
 	SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
	WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549
	FORM 10-K

	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
	THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                    For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006

	FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.

            Florida                                         59-0573002
(State or other jurisdiction of                          (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                         Identification No.)

155 East 21st Street, Jacksonville, Florida                    32206
 (Address of principal executive offices)                    (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:   904/355-1781

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                                      Name of each exchange
     Title of each class                               on which registered
 Common Stock $.10 par value                         New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:    None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant's a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes X   No___

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 to Section 15(d) of the Act.   Yes     No X_

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes X   No___

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to
this Form 10-K.[  ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer.   See definition of an
accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange
Act.
Large accelerated filer   X 	Accelerated filer ____
Non-accelerated filer ____

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Act).           Yes    No  X _

At March 31, 2006 the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $2,866,750,844.  As
of such December 1, 2006 there were 65,809,776 shares of the registrant's
Common Stock outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the Florida Rock Industries, Inc. 2006 Annual Report to
Shareholders are incorporated by reference in Parts I and II.

Portions of the Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Proxy Statement are incorporated
by reference into Part III.

PART I

Preliminary Note: In this Form 10-K, the terms "Company," "Florida Rock",
"we" and "our" collectively refer to Florida Rock Industries, Inc., and
its subsidiaries.

Item 1.  BUSINESS.

Florida Rock Industries, Inc., was incorporated in Florida in 1945, but
its predecessor company began business in 1929.

We are principally engaged in three business segments:  construction
aggregates, concrete products and cement and calcium products.   Our
construction aggregates segment mines, processes, distributes and sells
sand, gravel and crushed stone. Our concrete products segment produces
and sells ready mix concrete, concrete block, prestressed concrete beams
and precast concrete and sells other building materials.  Our cement and
calcium products segment produces and sells Portland cement and masonry
cement, imports, grinds, blends and sells cement and slag, and produces
and sells calcium products.

Our principal markets are the southeastern and mid-Atlantic states, and a
substantial amount of our sales are within the state of Florida.  Nearly
all of our sales are to the construction industry, although we do sell
our calcium products to the animal feed, plastics, paint and joint
compound industries.  Our business is directly affected by the factors
that influence the construction industry, including interest rates,
consumer confidence, availability of construction financing, other
construction projects, government appropriations for construction,
construction demand, labor relations in the construction industry, energy
shortages, material shortages, weather, climate, and other factors
affecting the construction industry in general.

We incorporate into this Item 1 the following information from the 2006
Annual Report to Shareholders attached as Exhibit 13:

  - the information under the caption "Operating Review" on pages 5 and 6
of the 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders; and
  - the business segment information in Note 14 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in the 2006 Annual Report to
Shareholders.

Our Construction Aggregates Segment.

Construction Aggregates.   Our construction aggregates segment operates
plants in multiple states:

                Crushed     Base Rock  Sand, Gravel and   Distribution
             Stone Plants    Plants    Industrial Sand      Terminals

Florida           3             2                10                 3
Georgia           7                               3                 2
Tennessee         1
Alabama           1                               1
Maryland          2                               2                 5
Virginia          2                               2                 2
Illinois          1
Kentucky          1
Louisiana                                                           1
Canada            1

Note:  Chart includes one joint venture crushed stone plant in Georgia and one
joint venture crushed stone plant in Canada.

Our aggregates segment sells through 13 aggregates distribution terminals
in Florida, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Washington D.C.,
Louisiana and one terminal(through a joint venture) in New York.

During fiscal 2006 we produced and shipped 44.7 million tons of
construction aggregates.   Currently, we have 2.5 billion tons of
[permitted] reserves.

We sell construction aggregates throughout most of Florida, except that
in Florida's panhandle region we sell only in Pensacola.   In Georgia we
primarily serve the regional construction markets around Griffin, Macon,
Columbus, Rome and the southern and western portions of the Atlanta
market and all of South Georgia. In Virginia we primarily serve the
Richmond, Norfolk, Virginia Beach, Williamsburg and Northern Virginia
markets.  Our principal markets in Maryland and Delaware are the greater
Baltimore area, Frederick, Montgomery, Harford and Cecil Counties, the
Eastern Shore of Maryland and south central Delaware.  We serve the
Auburn and Mobile areas in Alabama and the Chattanooga area in Tennessee.
The principal markets for our Illinois and Kentucky quarries are cities
on the Ohio and Mississippi River.

The geographic reach of our aggregates markets is inherently limited by
transportation costs from our quarries.  We ship construction aggregates
by truck (the most expensive mode of transport), rail and barge (the
least expensive mode). In Florida and Georgia we ship by rail and truck.
In Virginia and Maryland we serve the regional construction markets
around Richmond, Virginia and the greater Baltimore area by truck; and
our marine division ships materials by barge throughout the Chesapeake
Bay area, along the James River between Richmond and Norfolk, to Virginia
Beach and as far north as Woodbridge, Virginia on the Potomac River and
to Washington D. C. on the Anacostia River.  We ship aggregates from our
Illinois and Kentucky quarries by barge and truck.  One joint venture
sells products by ship from Canada into New York, South Carolina, Georgia
and Florida.

Our concrete products segment is the largest single customer of our
aggregates segment.  In fiscal 2006 the concrete products segment
purchased approximately 39% of its requirements of coarse aggregates and
75% of its sand requirements from the aggregates division. The remaining
aggregates were purchased from other suppliers whose geographic locations
coupled with transportation costs make it more economical to supply
certain of the Company's plants.   At the present time there is an
adequate supply of construction aggregates in the areas in which our
concrete operations are located.

Our Concrete Products Segment.

Our concrete products segment manufactures and markets ready mixed
concrete, concrete block, precast and prestressed concrete.  It also
markets other building materials. Our concrete operations serve most of
Florida (except the panhandle area); southern and southwest Georgia; the
greater Baltimore, Maryland area; Washington, D.C.; and in Virginia,
northern Virginia as well as Williamsburg, Hampton-Newport News, the
Richmond-Petersburg-Hopewell area and the Norfolk/Virginia Beach area.

Since ready mixed concrete hardens rapidly, delivery is time constrained
and generally confined to a radius of approximately 20 to 25 miles from
the producing plant.

Based on current operating schedules the annual capacity at our 13
operating concrete block plants is approximately 95 million 8x8x16
equivalent units of concrete block.

At most of our Florida and Georgia concrete facilities, we purchase and
resell building material items related to the use of ready mixed concrete
and concrete block.

We produce prestressed concrete products for commercial developments and
bridge and highway construction in Wilmington, North Carolina. We produce
precast concrete lintels and other building products in Kissimmee,
Florida.

Our Cement and Calcium Products Segment.

Our Newberry, Florida cement plant produces portland and masonry cement
which we sell in both bulk and bags to the concrete products industry.
Our Brooksville, Florida plant produces calcium products for the animal
feed, paint, plastics and joint compound industries.   Our Tampa facility
imports cement and slag.  We resell some of the imported cement and
either blend, bag or reprocess the balance of the cement into specialty
cements which are then sold.   We grind and sell the slag in blended or
unblended form.   Our Port Manatee, Florida plant imports clinker that we
grind into bulk cement and sell.

Our concrete products segment is the largest single customer of our
cement segment.  In fiscal 2006, our cement segment supplied
approximately 43% of the cement used in its operations.  While we
purchased cement from eight outside suppliers, two outside companies
supplied approximately 50% of the cement used by our concrete products
segment.

We believe that the cement demand in our markets will continue to outpace
domestic production capacity. Accordingly, we are doubling the production
capacity at our Newberry facility. Construction began on this project in
fiscal 2006 and is expected to be completed in late fiscal 2008 or early
fiscal 2009.

Competition.

Each of our segments operates in a highly competitive industry.  Because
of the relatively high transportation costs associated with our products,
the level of competition in each market is heavily influenced by the
distance from production facilities to markets served and the
availability of cost-effective rail and barge transportation.  In
addition, our concrete products compete with other building materials
such as asphalt, brick, lumber, steel and other products.  We believe
that price, plant location, transportation costs, service, product
quality and reputation are the major factors that affect competition
within a given market.

Backlog.

We do not believe that backlog information accurately reflects
anticipated annual revenue or profitability from year to year.

Environmental Regulation.

Our operations are subject to and affected by federal, state and local
laws and regulations relating to the environment, health and safety and
other regulatory matters.   Certain of our operations may from time to
time involve the use of substances that are classified as toxic or
hazardous substances within the meaning of these laws and regulations.
Environmental operating permits are required for certain of the Company's
operations and such permits are subject to modification, renewal and
revocation.

We regularly monitor and review our operations, procedures and policies
for compliance with these laws and regulations.   Despite these
compliance efforts, the risk of environmental liability is inherent in
the operation of our businesses.   Such regulations have not had a
material adverse impact in recent years and are not expected to have a
material adverse effect on our capital expenditures or operating results
over the next year.   However, there can be no assurance that
environmental liabilities or subsequent changes in environmental
regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company in the
future.   Additional information concerning environmental matters is
presented in Item 1A "Risk Factors" and Item 3 "Legal Proceedings" of
this Form 10-K and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Employees.  We employed 3,464 persons at September 30, 2006.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY
Name                     Age         Office              Position Since
Edward L. Baker          71	Chairman of the Board        May 1989
John D. Baker II         58	President and Chief          February 1996
                                  Executive Officer
John D. Milton, Jr.      61	Executive Vice President,    January 2001
                                  Treasurer and Chief
                                  Financial Officer
C. J. Shepherdson        91	Vice President               September 1972
Thompson S. Baker II     48	Vice President               August 1991
George J. Hossenlopp     63	Vice President               May 2002
Clarron E. Render, Jr.   64	Vice President               August 1991
Wallace A. Patzke, Jr.   59	Vice President, Controller   August 1997
                                  and Chief Accounting Officer
H. W. Walton             61	Vice President,Environment,  September 2004
                                  Safety,Health and
                                  Organizational Development
Scott L. McCaleb         54	Vice President, Corporate    December 2002
		Development
Michael P. Oates         46	Vice President, Human        February 2006
                                  Resources
Barbara C. Johnston      53	Secretary, General Counsel   July 2006
John W. Green            54	Assistant Secretary          October 1988

George J. Hossenlopp has held various positions with us since February
1980.   Immediately prior to assuming his current office, he was division
president for concrete operations in the Richmond-Tidewater areas of
Virginia.

H. W. Walton has been employed with us in various positions since August
1985.   Most recently, he served as Vice President, Human Resources and
Quality from May 2001 to September 2004.

Scott L. McCaleb has held various positions with us since June 1994.
From January 2000 to December 2002 he served as Director of Corporate
Development.

Michael P. Oates joined the Company in September 2004 as the Director of
Human Resources.   Prior to joining the Company, he was with CSX from
August 2003 to September 2004 as Director of Labor Relations and prior to
joining CSX, he was a partner in the law firm of Hunton & Williams, based
in Richmond, Virginia, and practiced labor and employment law.

Barbara C. Johnston joined the Company in July 2006 as Secretary and
General Counsel.  Prior to joining the Company, she was a partner in the
law firm of McGuireWoods where she practiced corporate law and served on
the firm's Board of Partners.

All other officers have been employed by the Company in their respective
positions for the past five years.

Edward L. Baker and John D. Baker II are brothers.  Thompson S. Baker II
is the son of Edward L. Baker.

All executive officers of the Company are elected by the Board of
Directors.

Item 1A. Risk Factors.

Our future results may be affected by a number of factors over which we
have little or no control.  The following issues, uncertainties, and
risks, among others, should be considered in evaluating our business and
growth outlook.  Additional risks not currently identified or known to us
could also negatively impact our business or financial results.

This Form 10-K and other written reports and oral statements made from
time to time by us contain statements which, to the extent they are not
recitations of historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements
within the meaning of federal securities law. Investors are cautioned
that all forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and
are based on assumptions that we believe in good faith are reasonable,
but which may be materially different from actual results. Investors can
identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate only to
historic or current facts. The words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate,"
"expect," "forecast," "intend," "outlook," "plan," "project,"
"scheduled," and similar expressions in connection with future events or
future operating or financial performance are intended to identify
forward-looking statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements
in this Form 10-K and in other publications may turn out to be wrong.

Statements and assumptions on future revenues, income and cash flows,
performance, economic trends, the outcome of litigation, regulatory
compliance, and environmental remediation cost estimates are examples of
forward-looking statements. Numerous factors, including potentially the
risk factors described in this section, could affect the outcome of our
forward-looking statements.

Factors that we currently believe could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include,
but are not limited to, those set out below. In addition to the risk
factors described below, we urge you to read our Management's Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2006
Annual Report to Shareholders.

Our business faces many competitors in our markets.    We operate in a
highly competitive environment.   Our competition ranges from large
public and private companies to independent and local aggregate producers
and ready mix manufacturers.   Many factors affect the competitive
environments in our markets, including the number of competitors in the
market, the pricing policies of those competitors, the financial strength
of those competitors, potential product substitutes, the total production
capacity serving the market, the barriers that potential competitors face
to enter the market, the proximity of natural resources to the market, as
well as economic conditions and product demand within the market. Such
factors come together in each of our markets in varying ways, sometimes
in ways that adversely impact demand for our products and our results of
operations.

Our business is dependent on the cyclical construction industry.
Substantially all of our sales are to the construction industry.   Our
results depend heavily on residential, commercial and infrastructure
construction activity and spending levels in our markets. The
construction industry in our markets tends to be cyclical. Construction
activity and spending levels vary across our markets and are influenced
by interest rates, inflation, consumer spending habits, demographic
shifts, environmental laws and regulations, employment levels and the
availability of funds for public infrastructure projects. Economic
downturns may lead to recessions in the construction industry, either in
individual markets or nationally.  A reduction in construction activity
in our markets can result in reduced revenues and profitability.   Since
our industry is capital intensive a large portion of our costs are fixed.
As sales volumes decrease, our operating profit margin will decrease due
to this fixed cost component except to the extent we are able to increase
prices or reduce costs.

Our results vary depending on levels of infrastructure and other public
construction.   During fiscal 2006, 20 to 30% of our sales were from
public works projects related to roads, highways and bridges.   Any
significant loss of funding or decrease in state and federal funding of
these projects could have a significant effect on our volumes, sales and
profitability.

Our operations are heavily concentrated in the state of Florida.   During
fiscal 2006, 65.6% of our sales were within the state of Florida.  As a
result, fluctuations in the rate of growth in Florida can have a
significant impact on our profitability.      During fiscal 2006,
approximately 40-50% of our business in Florida related to residential
construction.  Future results are likely to be significantly influenced
by the level of homebuilding activity in Florida.

Fluctuation in interest rates and consumer confidence affect the
construction industry.  Increases in interest rates and declines in
consumer confidence may reduce residential and commercial construction
activity, which could reduce our sales, volumes and profitability.

Adverse weather lessens demand for our products, which is seasonal in
many of our markets.  The aggregates and concrete products business is
conducted outdoors.  Construction activity, and thus demand for our
products, decreases substantially during periods of cold weather or when
heavy or sustained rains fall.  Our operations are seasonal, with sales
generally peaking during the third and fourth quarters of our fiscal year
because of normally better weather conditions. However, high levels of
rainfall can adversely impact our operations during this period as well.
 Adverse weather conditions can reduce our revenues and profitability if
they occur with unusual intensity, during abnormal periods, or last
longer than usual in our major markets, especially during peak
construction periods.  Severe weather such as hurricanes or tropical
storms can damage our facilities, resulting in increased repair costs and
business disruption.

Our business is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed costs.
The cost to acquire reserves and to construct and operate our plants is
very expensive.   A significant portion of our costs are fixed expenses
due to the capital intensive nature of the industry.   As a result,
volume changes will have a significant impact on our operating profit
percentage and absolute dollars of profit.   The capital intensive nature
of our business also requires us to have significant liquidity and / or
access to credit facilities and to reinvest a significant portion of our
cash flow.

To operate our business we consume large amounts of electricity and
diesel fuel which are subject to price fluctuations and shortages.   We
consume significant amounts of electricity, diesel fuel and natural gas
in our production and distribution process.   The price and availability
of energy are subject to political, economic and market factors that are
generally outside our control.  The supply and price of these products
can be affected by hurricanes and tropical storms, particularly in the
Gulf Coast region.   Fluctuations in the prices of these commodities and
disruptions in supply can have a significant impact on our operations.

Changes in the cost or availability of raw materials supplied by third
parties may adversely affect our operating and financial performance.  We
generally maintain our own reserves of aggregates that we use to
manufacture our products. We also produce a significant amount of the
cement that we use in our concrete business.  We do depend on third
parties to supply us with aggregates and cement in some regions.  For
example, our Northern Concrete operations purchase all of their cement
from third parties.  We may in the future be unable to secure an
economical source of supply due to any number of factors, including
limited supplies, increased demand in domestic or international markets
and limited transportation facilities.  If this happens, our costs to
procure these materials may increase significantly or we may be obliged
to procure alternatives to replace these materials.

Our long-term success is dependent upon securing and maintaining
aggregate reserves in growth markets.   Construction aggregates are
expensive to transport and often must be supplied from local quarries.
New aggregate sites may take several years to permit.   Therefore, it is
important to develop and maintain long-term reserves in growth markets.
Our strategy is to secure additional land and permits in target markets
where possible, and to develop the distribution network to transport
aggregates by truck, rail and water in order to maintain economic sources
of supply. As urban sprawl continues, it reduces the opportunities for
locating long-term reserves and increases the opportunity for community
opposition to new and existing operations.  As communities grow, existing
quarry locations may be depleted, or quarry production may be restricted
by additional regulation and some of the most attractive sites for new
quarries may be used for other building, or may be difficult to permit
for quarrying.

Our long-term success is dependent on securing and maintaining mining
permits. Tighter land use or zoning restrictions affecting existing
quarry permits or making new quarry permits more difficult to obtain
could also restrict our ability to conduct our businesses economically.
Legal challenges to existing permits could restrict our ability to
utilize existing quarry reserves.  As discussed in Legal Proceedings,
earlier this year, a court ruled that our quarry permit for South
Florida's Lake Belt region was invalid.  An adverse ruling on continued
mining in this area of Florida could reduce future earnings, require us
to take a charge related to the impairment of the value of the related
assets and would disrupt, at least temporarily, our sources of aggregates
supply in certain Florida markets.

Our future growth is also partially dependent on acquiring other business
in our industry and integrating with our existing operations.   As a
result of the limited opportunities to establish new quarries, expansion
of our business is dependent in part on acquisition of existing
businesses that own aggregate reserves.  Our future results will be
dependent in part on our ability to successfully integrate these
businesses into Florida Rock.

Our products are shipped by rail, truck, barge or ship, usually by third
parties.   Significant delays, availability of transportation or
fluctuations in cost can materially affect our business.   Delivery of
our product is via truck, rail or barge and primarily by third party
providers.   The cost of these services is outside our control and can
cause our products to have a competitive disadvantage.   The timing of
delivery is outside our control and distribution of our product is
subject to interruption of rail and barge service.   Additionally,
unfavorable weather conditions can cause interruption in the delivery of
our product, especially by rail and barge.  If we are unable to ship our
products as a result of the railroads or shipping or trucking companies
failing to operate or if there are material changes in the cost or
availability of rail, shipping or trucking services, we may not be able
to arrange alternative and timely means to ship our products, which could
lead to interruptions or slowdowns in our businesses.

Our future is dependent on attracting and retaining qualified personnel.
The ability to attract, develop and retain our qualified work force is a
significant factor in our success.   The competition for our work force
is high.   Our success in attracting and retaining our work force is
dependent on the availability and skills of our workers in our markets,
the availability of other jobs in our markets and the ability to offer
competitive salary and benefit packages.

Changes in legal requirements and governmental policies concerning zoning
land use, environmental and other areas of the laws and litigation to
these markets, impact our business.   Our operations expose us to the
risk of material environmental liabilities.   Our operations are affected
by numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations related to
zoning, land use and environmental.   Despite our compliance efforts
there is the inherent risk of liability in the operation of our business
especially from an environmental standpoint.   These potential
liabilities could have an adverse impact on our operations and
profitability.  Our operations require numerous governmental approvals
and permits, which often require us to make significant capital and
maintenance expenditures to comply with zoning and environmental laws and
regulations. Stricter laws and regulations, or stricter interpretation of
existing laws or regulations, may impose new liabilities on us, require
additional investment by us in pollution control equipment, or impede our
opening new or expanding existing plants or facilities.

Occupational health and safety risks and regulation may have an impact on
future productivity and financial performance.  Our operations involve
risk of manufacturing accidents, storage tank leakage, accidents from the
operation of mobile equipment and manufacturing machinery, and exposure
to dust, silica, asbestos, arsenic and other naturally occurring
elements.   These operating risks can cause personal injury and property
damage.   These risks can have an adverse effect on productivity and
profitability at an operating location.

Litigation could affect our profitability.	The nature of our business
exposes us to various litigation matters including product liability
claims (including product liability claims relating to prestress beams),
employment, health and safety matters, environmental matters, regulatory
and administrative proceedings, governmental investigations, tort claims
and contract disputes. We contest these matters vigorously and make
insurance claims where appropriate. However, litigation is inherently
costly and unpredictable, making it difficult to accurately estimate the
outcome of existing or future litigation. Although we make accruals as we
believe warranted, the amounts that we accrue could vary significantly
from any amounts we actually pay due to the inherent uncertainties in the
estimation process.

Our charter, bylaws and shareholder rights agreement contain anti-
takeover provisions that may hinder a takeover or negatively affect our
stock price. Our articles of incorporation, bylaws and shareholder rights
agreement contain several provisions that may make it more difficult and
expensive for a third party to acquire control of us without the approval
of our Board of Directors. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws
contain provisions dividing our Board of Directors into three classes of
directors serving three-year terms and providing that directors may only
be removed for cause.  Our articles of incorporation also provide that
our shareholders can take action only at a duly called annual or special
meeting of shareholders and require a supermajority vote to approve
certain matters.

Our shareholder rights plan is designed to guard against coercive or
unfair tactics to gain control of us.  The rights will cause substantial
dilution to any person or group who attempts to acquire a significant
amount of common stock without approval from our Board of Directors.
Because we can redeem the rights, the rights will not interfere with a
merger or other business combination approved by our Board.

Available Information

We maintain an Internet address at www.flarock.com. We make available
free of charge through our Internet web site this annual report on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and
amendments to those reports, if any, filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to all
of our directors, officers, and employees as well as a Financial Code of
Ethical Conduct, both of which are available on our website. We intend to
disclose on our Internet web site any waivers of or amendments to these
codes as they apply to our directors and executive officers.

Each of the Audit Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors
has adopted a written charter addressing various issues of importance
relating to each committee, including the committee's purposes and
responsibilities, an annual performance evaluation of each committee, and
similar issues.  We have also adopted a set of Corporate Governance
Guidelines to address issues of fundamental importance relating to the
corporate governance of the Company, including director qualifications
and responsibilities. These Corporate Governance Guidelines, and the
charters of each of these committees, are available on our website.

We will make paper copies of our filings with the SEC, our Code of
Business Conduct and Ethics, our Financial Code of Ethical Conduct, our
Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters of key board committees,
available to our shareholders free of charge upon request by writing to:
Florida Rock Industries, Inc., Attn: Corporate Secretary, 155 E. 21st
Street, Jacksonville, Florida 32206.

Our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting
Officer are required to file with the SEC each quarter and each year
certifications regarding the quality of the Company's public disclosure
of its financial condition. The annual certifications are included as
Exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Chief Executive Officer
is also required to certify to the New York Stock Exchange each year that
he is not aware of any violation by the Company of the New York Stock
Exchange corporate governance listing standards.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Item 2.  PROPERTIES.

Our principal properties are located in Florida, Georgia, Tennessee,
Alabama, North Carolina, Virginia, Washington, D.C., Maryland, Kentucky,
Illinois and Delaware. The following table summarizes our principal
construction aggregates production and cement and calcium production
facilities and estimated reserves at September 30, 2006.

                          Tons        Tons of
                       Delivered in  Estimated  Approximate
                        Year Ended    Reserves     Acres
                         9/30/06      9/30/06   (L-Leased)(a)     Lease
                        (000's)       (000's)    (O-Owned)     Description
Three crushed stone
 plants in Florida
 located at Gulf
 Hammock (which also
 produces agricultural
 limestone), Ft. Myers
 (which also produces
 baserock), and Miami                                           3 leases
 (which also produces                               L- 4,438    expiring from
 baserock)                   8,758      170,000     O- 8,964    2010 to 2046

Seven crushed stone plants
 in Georgia located at
 Griffin, Forest Park,
 Macon, Tyrone, Columbus,
 Six Mile and Paulding
 County, one crushed stone
 plant located near
 Auburn, Alabama, one
 crushed stone plant located
 in Chattanooga, Tennessee,
 one crushed stone plant
 located in Golconda,
 Illinois and one crushed                                       13 leases
 stone plant in Grand                               L- 3,163    expiring from
 Rivers, Kentucky           14,175      767,000     O- 2,866    2014 to 2079

Two crushed stone plants
 located at Havre de Grace
 and Frederick, Maryland,
 two located near Richmond,
 Virginia and one joint
 Venture plant in Charlotte                                     2 leases
 County, New Brunswick                              L-   356    expiring
 Canada                      7,560      314,000     O- 1,730    2008

Two baserock plants                                             3 leases
 located at Ft. Pierce                                          expiring
 and Sunniland, Florida        928       15,000     L-11,795    2007 to 2054

Tons        Tons of
                         Delivered in  Estimated  Approximate
                          Year Ended    Reserves     Acres
                           9/30/06      9/30/06   (L-Leased)(a)     Lease
                           (000's)       (000's)    (O-Owned)     Description

 Nine sand plants located
 at Keystone Heights,
 Astatula, Lake County,
 Marion County (two
 locations), Keuka,
 Grandin, LaBelle and
 Lake Wales, Florida;
 three sand plants located
 at Albany, Leesburg and
 Bainbridge, Georgia;
 two sand and gravel plants
 located at Goose Bay and
 Leonardtown, Maryland, and
 two sand plants at Charles
 City, Virginia and one sand                                    20 leases
 and gravel plant at Atmore,                         L- 15,892  expiring from
 Alabama                    14,008      393,000      O-  4,853  2006 to 2058

 The Company has a Portland
 cement plant located at
 Newberry, Florida, one fine
 grinding plant located at
 Brooksville, Florida, a cement
 grinding plant at Port Manatee,
 Florida and a cement grinding                                  1 lease
 and blending plant at Tampa                                    expiring in
 Florida                     2,620      140,000      L- 1,227   2046

Future reserves:
 Sand:
 Polk County, Florida                    22,100      O-   463
 Putnam County, Florida                 138,600(b)   O- 1,161
 Limerock:
  Newberry, Florida                      69,400(b)

Crushed Stone:
 Muscogee County, Georgia                33,300(b)
 Havre de Grace, Maryland(c)            121,600(b)
 Medford, Maryland                       40,000      O-   268
 Port Deposit, Maryland (c)             185,700      O-   437
 Ft. Myers, Florida (c)                 133,000(b)
 Collier County, Florida                 29,500      O- 1,403
 Miami, Florida                         103,000(b)

(a)   Leased acreage includes all properties not owned as to which we have at
least the right to mine construction aggregates for the terms specified.

(b)   Acres are included in the first line of the above table.

(c)    All the required zoning or permits for these locations have not yet
       been obtained.

We operate thirteen construction aggregates distribution terminals located in
Florida (three), Georgia (two), Maryland (three), Virginia (two), Delaware
(one), Louisiana (one) and Washington D. C. (one) comprising approximately 168
acres, of which the Company owns 154 and leases 14 acres.

We own 100 sites and lease 25 sites used in our ready mixed concrete, concrete
block and prestressed concrete plants in Florida, Georgia, North Carolina,
Virginia and Maryland aggregating approximately 972 acres.  Of these acres we
own 880 acres and lease 92 acres.  The lease terms vary from month-to-month to
expiring in 2019.

We lease administrative office space in Springfield, Virginia, and we own
administrative offices in Richmond, Virginia.   In addition, we own
approximately 14 acres in Maryland which are used for shop facilities.   We own
6,340 acres in Suwannee and Columbia counties in Florida that we hold for
investment.   Currently, we operate a hunting lodge on this property that we
use for business entertainment.

On October 4, 2006, we entered into a Joint Venture Agreement with a subsidiary
of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc. (FRP).   The Joint Venture Agreement
establishes a real estate joint venture to develop approximately 4,300 acres of
land near Brooksville, Florida.   FRP contributed to the joint venture its fee
interest in approximately 3,500 acres that we leased from FRP.   We will
continue to mine the property and pay royalties to FRP for as long as mining
does not interfere with the development of the property.   The property does
not yet have the necessary entitlements for real estate development.   Approval
to develop real property in Florida entails an extensive entitlements process
involving multiple and overlapping regulatory jurisdictions and the outcome is
inherently uncertain.   We currently expect that the entitlement process may
take several years to complete.

We own certain other properties which are summarized as follows:

                                                            Approximate
          Type Property (1)               State                Acres

       Industrial/Commercial            Virginia                 98
       Industrial/Commercial            Florida                  22
       Industrial/Commercial            Maryland                904
       Industrial/Commercial            North Carolina           27

(1)  The properties owned are grouped by current or proposed use.  Such
use may be subject to obtaining appropriate rezoning, zoning variances,
subdivision approval, permits, licenses, and complying with various
zoning, building, environmental and other regulations of various federal,
state, and local authorities.

At September 30, 2006 certain property, plant and equipment with a
carrying value of $3,020,000 were pledged to secure industrial
development revenue bonds and certain other notes and contracts with
an outstanding principal balance totaling $19,427,000 on such date.

Item 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

On March 22, 2006, the United States District Court for the Southern
District of Florida ruled that the mining permit issued for our
Miami quarry, as well as several permits issued to competitors in
the same region, had been improperly issued. The Court remanded the
permitting process to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for further
review and consideration. To date mining has been unaffected pending
the outcome of a hearing which began on June 13, 2006.   The Court
has not issued any rulings as to the remedy it intends to order at
the conclusion of these proceedings.

The Court's ruling affects most of the twelve mining permits issued
for Florida's Lake Belt region.  We hold one of the twelve permits.
In 1997, the Florida Legislature adopted the Miami-Dade County Lake
Belt Plan, covering an approximately 57,515-acre area west of Miami
and east of Everglades National Park. Among other purposes, the Lake
Belt Plan was developed to maximize efficient recovery of limestone
while promoting the social and economic welfare of the community and
protecting the environment. In 2002, the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers issued ten permits that collectively authorize dredging
5,409 acres of wetlands in the Lake Belt for mining-related purposes
while requiring the permit holders to pay mitigation fees to fund
the acquisition and restoration of approximately 7,500 acres in the
Everglades.

The Lake Belt is the single biggest source of supply for the State
of Florida's needs of limestone and related products.  Approximately
half of Florida's supply of coarse aggregates comes from the Lake
Belt.  Although we hold only one of the twelve mining permits issued
for the Lake Belt, this source of supply is important to the
Company's Florida operations.

For the year ended September 30, 2006, we sold 3,899,000 tons of
aggregates from the Miami quarry, generating $40,628,000 in
revenues. A significant portion of this volume is shipped by rail to
Central and Northeast Florida and used in our concrete production
facilities in Southeastern Florida, Central Florida and
Jacksonville.  Our Miami quarry employs 98 persons and has property,
plant and equipment of approximately $58,910,000 of which
$20,641,000 is land.

We estimate that recoverable reserves at the Miami quarry (assuming
that mining is permitted to continue in the long term) are
approximately 135 million tons.

We strongly believe that the Lake Belt Plan previously approved by
the agencies protects both environmental interests and the economic
interests of Miami-Dade County and the State of Florida. We further
believe that the permits issued by the Corps of Engineers were
properly issued. We intend to appeal the Court's ruling, while at
the same time seeking re-issuance of the permits.

We believe that a court order enjoining mining would have a serious
adverse impact on the South Florida mining industry and its
thousands of workers, adversely affect the Florida economy and
construction industry, and possibly lead to cancellation or
postponement of important public projects.

The ultimate impact of this ruling on our operations and future
results is largely dependent on several factors:

- - whether mining will be interrupted pending reconsideration of the
permit by the Corps of Engineers;

- - whether our permit will be reissued by the Corp of Engineers;

- - whether our competitors who mine in the Lake Belt will be enjoined
from mining or will have their permits reissued; and

- - whether the price increases that would likely result from the
inability to mine in the Lake Belt would lead to cancellation of
planned public projects and commercial and residential construction
projects in the Company's markets.

We have developed contingency plans in the event of a temporary or
permanent mining shutdown in the Lake Belt region.  Our Ft. Myers
quarry has adequate reserves and plant capacity (via a second shift)
to replace the volume provided by our Miami quarry, but transporting
aggregates to many of the markets currently served by the Miami
quarry would require utilization of truck transportation, due to the
absence of adequate rail service from Ft. Myers.  We are uncertain
whether the market could supply sufficient truck transportation to
get Ft. Myers aggregates to all of the markets currently being
served with Florida Rock Miami aggregate.  Even if truck
transportation is available, the transportation cost via truck would
be substantially higher and possibly prohibitive to some markets.
Likewise, we would expect time delays of one year or more to ramp up
the Ft. Myers quarry to the full second shift and some increased
inefficiency inherent in such a 24 hour operation.

If mining was suspended or discontinued, we would need to determine
if the value of the assets or land had been impaired. The recovery
of our investment would be dependent upon alternative uses for the
assets currently employed at Miami and cannot be estimated at this
time.

We previously reported that Canadian environmental authorities had
ordered the removal from a third party landowner's site of certain
crushed material produced by the New Brunswick, Canada quarry
operated by our 50% subsidiary, Jamer Materials, Ltd. These
materials have been found to contain elevated levels of naturally
occurring arsenic.  The removal of this crush material has been
completed.  We do not expect this matter to have a material adverse
effect on our operating results or financial condition.

We were named as one of numerous defendants in a lawsuit filed in
Broward County, Florida, by 61 plaintiffs alleging personal injuries
arising from silicosis.   The lawsuit asserted that we and various
other mining companies named in the complaint (along with other
defendants) are liable for negligence under a number of theories.
Since the filing, all cases against us have been dismissed as none
of the verified worksheets identified us in connection with claimed
loss. While there is still a potential for 9 of the plaintiffs to be
permitted a final opportunity to present verified evidence linking
us with the claimed loss, management does not expect this matter in
any event to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position or results of operations.

We are involved in litigation on a number of other matters and are
subject to certain claims which arise in the normal course of
business, none of which, in the opinion of management, are expected
to have a materially adverse effect on our consolidated financial
statements.

We have retained certain self-insurance risks with respect to losses
for third party liability and property damage.

Item 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS.

No reportable events.

PART II

Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
        MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES

There were approximately 835 holders of record of our common stock,
$.10 par value, as of December 01, 2006. The Company's common stock
is traded on the New York Stock Exchange (Symbol: FRK). Information
concerning stock prices and dividends paid during the past two years
is included under the caption "Quarterly Results" on page 18 of our
2006 Annual Report to Shareholders and such information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Purchases of Equity Securities.
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
              (a) Total   (b) Average  (c) Total   (d) Maximum
                Number of    Price Paid    Number of     Number (or
                Shares (or   per Share     Shares (or    Approximate
                Units        (or Unit)     Units)        Dollar Value)
                Purchased                  Purchased     of Shares (or
                                           As Part of    Units) that
                                           Publicly      May Yet Be
                                           Announced     Purchased
                                           Plans or      Under
                                           Programs      the Plans or
                                                         Programs

Period
July 1, 2006
thru July 31,
2006                 421,500    $38.67     421,500          -

August 1, 2006
thru August 31,
2006                  94,500    $37.81      94,500          -

September 1, 2006
Thru September
30, 2006                 -        -           -             -

Total                516,000      -        516,000          -

As of December 1, 2006 we have approximately $180 million remaining under
the stock repurchase program authorized by our board of directors on
August 2, 2006.

Item 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.

Information required in response to this Item 6 is included under
the caption "Five Year Summary" on page 7 of the Company's 2006
Annual Report to Shareholders, and such information is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

Information required in response to this Item 7 is included under
the captions "Management Analysis" on pages 8 through 17; and in
Notes 1 through 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
in the accompanying 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders and in Item 3
"Legal Proceedings" of this Form 10-K.  Such information is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 7.A  QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK.

Our operations are subject to factors affecting the level of general
construction activity including the level of interest rates and
consumer confidence, availability of funds for construction and
other factors affecting the construction industry. A significant
decrease in the level of general construction activity in any of our
market areas may have a material adverse effect on our sales and
income derived thereof.

We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates.   For
our cash and cash equivalents, a change in interest rates affects
the amount of interest income that can be earned.   For our debt
instruments changes in interest rates affect the amount of interest
expense incurred.

The following table provides information about the Company's
financial instruments and the maturity dates thereof that are
sensitive to changes in interest rates (in thousands):

                                                      There-        Fair
                     2007   2008  2009  2010   2011   after  Total  Value

Long-term debt at     228    189    78    83     86     211    875    911
 fixed rates

Weighted average
 interest rate       7.6%   7.6%  7.1%  7.2%   7.2%    7.2%

Long-term debt at
 variable interest
 rate               1,775   1,775                    14,000 17,550 17,550

Weighted average
 interest rate        4.1%

Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

Information required in response to this Item 8 is included under the
caption "Quarterly Results" on page 18 and on pages 19 through 37 of our
2006 Annual Report to Shareholders.  Such information is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
        FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.
None.

Item 9.A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the
Company's reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the "Exchange Act"), is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and
forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to
management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer ("CEO"),
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), and Chief Accounting Officer ("CAO"),
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

    All control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent
limitations.   Therefore, even those systems determined to be
effective can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the
desired control objectives.

    As of September 30, 2006, the Company, under the supervision and with
the participation of the Company's management, including the CEO, CFO
and CAO, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures.
Based on this evaluation, the Company's CEO, CFO and CAO concluded
that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective in
alerting them in a timely manner to material information required to
be included in periodic SEC filings.

(b) Changes in Internal Controls.   There have been no changes in internal
controls or in other factors that could significantly affect these
controls subsequent to the date of their evaluation, including any
corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses.

Item 9.B  OTHER INFORMATION

None.

PART III

Item 10.  DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE.

Information regarding our executive officers is set forth under the
caption "Executive Officers of the Company" in Part I of this Form 10-K.

Information concerning directors required in response to this Item 10 will
be included under the captions "Election of Directors" and "Section 16(a)
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance" in the Company's Proxy
Statement and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Information regarding the corporate governance practices of the Company,
including information regarding which members of the audit committee are
audit committee financial experts and the code of conduct applicable to
principal executive officers, principal financial officers and principal
accounting officers (a copy of which is included as an exhibit to this
Form 10-K), will be included under the captions "Corporate Governance" and
"Board Structure and Committee Membership - Audit Committee" in the
Company's Proxy Statement and such information is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

Information required in response to this Item 11 will be included under
the captions "Executive Compensation," "Compensation Committee Report and
Discussion and Analysis," "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider
Participation," and "Shareholder Return Performance" in our Proxy
Statement and such information is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

The following table summarizes certain information concerning our equity
compensation plans:

                Number of securities                     Number of securities
                to be issued upon                        available for future
                exercise of         Weighted average     issuance under equity
                outstanding         exercise price of    compensation plans
                options, warrants   outstanding options, (excluding securities
Plan Category   and rights-         warrants and rights  reflected in column)

Equity compen-
sation plans
approved by
security holders     3,630,626               $20.45              881,000

Equity compen-
sations plans
not approved
by security
holders                      -                    -                    -

Total                3,630,626               $20.45              881,000

For additional information, see note 9 of the Notes of Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE.

Information required in response to this Item 13 will be included under
the captions "Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation"
and "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" in the
Company's Proxy Statement.

Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES.

Information required in response to this Item 14 will be included under
the caption "Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm - Audit and Non-Audit Fees" in the Company's Proxy Statement.

PART IV

Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE.

(a)(1)and (2)Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule.

    The response to this item is submitted as a separate section.  See
    Index to Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedule on
    page 27 of this Form 10-K.

   (3)Exhibits

The response to this item is submitted as a separate section.  See
Exhibit Index on pages 23 through 26 of this Form 10-K.

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

DECEMBER 6, 2006                              FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.

By JOHN D. BAKER  II
                                                 John D. Baker  II
                                                 President and Chief
                                                  Executive Officer

                                              By JOHN D. MILTON, JR.
                                                 John D. Milton, Jr.
                                                 Executive Vice President
                                                  Treasurer and Chief
                                                  Financial Officer

                                              By WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.
                                                 Wallace A. Patzke, Jr.
                                                 Vice President, Controller
                                                  and Chief Accounting
                                                  Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities indicated on December 06, 2006.

JOHN D. BAKER  II                                 J. DIX DRUCE, JR.
John D. Baker  II                                 J. Dix Druce, Jr.
Director, President and Chief                     Director
Executive Officer
(Principal Executive Officer)                     LUKE E. FICHTHORN, III
                                                  Luke E. Fichthorn, III
JOHN D. MILTON, JR.           		                Director
John D. Milton, Jr.
Executive Vice President, Treasurer               EDWARD L. BAKER
 and Chief Financial Officer                      Edward L. Baker
 (Principal Financial Officer)                    Director

WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.                            THOMPSON S. BAKER, 	II__
Wallace A. Patzke, Jr.                            Thompson S. Baker, II
Vice President, Controller and                    Director
 Chief Accounting Officer
(Principal Accounting Officer)                    WILLIAM H. WALTON, III
                                                  William H. Walton, III
FRANCIS X. KNOTT                                  Director
Francis X. Knott
Director                                          ROBERT P. CROZER	___
                                                  Robert P. Crozer
ALVIN R. CARPENTER                                Director
Alvin R. Carpenter
Director                                          JOHN A. DELANEY
                                                  John A. Delaney
WILLIAM P. FOLEY  II		                Director
William P. Foley, II
Director

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
	FORM 10-K FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2006

                                      EXHIBIT INDEX
                                      [Item 14(a)(3)]

(3)(a)(1)		Restated Articles of Incorporation of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc., filed with the Secretary of State of
Florida on May 9, 1986, incorporated by reference to an
exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended December 31, 1986.  File No. 1-7159.

(3)(a)(2)		Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State
of Florida on February 19, 1992, incorporated by
reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993. File No.
1-7159.

(3)(a)(3)		Amendments to the Articles of Incorporation of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State
of Florida on February 7, 1995, incorporated by
reference to an appendix to the Company's Proxy
Statement dated December 15, 1994.   File No. 1-7159.

(3)(a)(4)		Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State
of Florida on February 4, 1998, incorporated by
reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended March 31, 1998.   File No. 1-7159.

(3)(a)(5)		Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. filed with the Secretary of State
of Florida on May 6, 1999.  A form of such amendment was
previously filed as Exhibit 4 to the Company's Form 8-K
dated May 5, 1999 and is incorporated by reference
herein.   File No. 1-7159.

(3)(b)(1)		Restated Bylaws of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.,
adopted December 1, 1993, incorporated by reference to
an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 1993.  File No. 1-7159.

(3)(b)(2)		Amendment to the Bylaws of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
adopted October 5, 1994, incorporated by reference to an
exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 1994.  File No. 1-7159.

(3)(b)(3)		Amendment to the Bylaws of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
adopted February 4, 1998, incorporated by reference to
an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 1998.  File No. 1-7159.

(3)(b)(4)		Amendment to the Bylaws of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
adopted December 5, 2001 incorporated by referenced to
an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended December 31, 2001.	File No 1-7159.

(3)(b)(5)		Amendment to Bylaws of Florida Rock Industries Inc.
adopted May 5, 2004 incorporated by reference to an
exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2004.   File No. 1-7159.

(4)(a)		Articles III, VII, and XIII of the Articles of
Incorporation of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.,
incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed
with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1986
and Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
1993.  And Articles XIV and XV, incorporated by
reference as appendix to the Company's Proxy Statement
dated December 15, 1994.  File No. 1-7159.

(4)(b)		Credit Agreement dated as of May 27, 2004 among Florida
Rock Industries, Inc.; Wachovia Bank, N.A.; Bank of
America, N.A.; SunTrust Bank; Wachovia Capital Markets,
LLC and Banc of America Securities, LLC incorporated by
reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended June 30, 2004.   File No. 1-7159.

(4)(c)		The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries have other
long-term debt agreements which do not exceed 10% of the
total consolidated assets of the Company and its
subsidiaries, and the Company agrees to furnish copies
of such agreements and constituent documents to the
Commission upon request.

(4)(d)		Rights Agreement, dated as of May 5, 1999 between the
Company and First Union National Bank, incorporated by
reference to Exhibit 4 to the Company's Form 8-K dated
May 5, 1999.   File No. 1-7159.

(10)(a)		Employment Agreement dated June 12, 1972 between Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. and Charles J. Shepherdson, Sr.
and form of Addendum thereto, incorporated by reference
to an exhibit previously filed with Form S-1 dated June
29, 1972.  File No. 2-44839

(10)(b)		Addendums dated April 3, 1974 and November 18, 1975 to
Employment Agreement dated June 12, 1972 between Florida
Rock Industries, Inc., and Charles J. Shepherdson, Sr.,
incorporate by reference to an exhibit previously filed
with Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
1975.  File No. 1-7159.

(10)(c)		Amended Medical Reimbursement Plan of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc., effective May 24, 1976, incorporated
by reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1980.
File No. 1-7159.

(10)(d)		Amendment No. 1 to Amended Medical Reimbursement Plan of
Florida Rock Industries, Inc. effective July 16, 1976,
incorporated by reference to an exhibit previously filed
with Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
1980.  File No. 1-7159

(10)(e)		Tax Service Reimbursement Plan of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc. effective October 1, 1976, incorporated
by reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1980.
			File No. 1-7159.

(10)(f)		Amendment No. 1 to Tax Service Reimbursement Plan of
Florida Rock Industries, Inc., incorporated by reference
to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 1981. File No. 1-7159.

(10)(g)		Amendment No. 2 to Tax Service Reimbursement Plan of
Florida Rock Industries, Inc., incorporated by reference
to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended September 30, 1985. File No. 1-7159.

(10)(h)		Summary of Management Incentive Compensation Plan as
amended effective October 1, 1992, incorporated by
reference to an exhibit previously filed with Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1993.  File No.
1-7159.

(10)(i)		Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Management Security Plan,
incorporated by reference to an exhibit previously filed
with Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30,
1985.  File No. 1-7159.

(10)(j)		Various mining royalty agreements with Patriot or its
subsidiary, none of which are presently believed to be
material individually, but all of which may be material
in the aggregate, incorporated by reference to exhibits
previously filed with Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended September 30, 1986.  File No. 1-7159.

(10)(k)		Florida Rock Industries, Inc. 1996 Stock Option Plan,
incorporated by reference to an appendix to the
Company's Proxy Statement dated December 18, 1995.  File
No. 1-7159.

(10)(l)		Florida Rock Industries, Inc. 2000 Stock Option Plan,
incorporated by reference to an exhibit previously filed
with the Proxy Statement dated December 20, 2000.   File
No. 1-7159.

(10)(m)		Amendment to mining royalty agreement with Patriot or
its subsidiary for Astatula, Florida dated October 4,
2006.

(10)(n)		Amendment to mining royalty agreement with Patriot or
its subsidiary for Grandin, Florida dated October 4,
2006.

(10)(o)		Amendment to mining royalty agreement with Patriot or
its subsidiary for Marion Sand dated October 4, 2006.

(10)(p)		Amendment to building lease with Patriot or its
subsidiary for Jacksonville, Florida dated October 4,
2006.

(10)(q)		Brooksville Joint Venture Agreement with a subsidiary of
Patriot dated October 4, 2006.

(10)(r)		Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Deferred Compensation
Plan.

(11)   		Computation of Earnings Per Common Share.

(13)    		The Company's 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders,
portions of which are incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K.  Those portions of the 2006 Annual Report to
Shareholders, which are not incorporated by reference,
shall not be deemed to be filed as part of this Form 10-
K.

(14)			Financial Code of Ethical Conduct. Incorporated by
reference to an Exhibit previously filed with the Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2003.
File No. 1-7159.

(21)   		Subsidiaries of the Company.

(23)    		Consents of KPMG LLP and Deloitte & Touche LLP appear on
page 28 of this Form 10-K.

          (31)(a)	         Certification of John D. Baker, II

          (31)(b)	         Certification of John D. Milton, Jr.

          (31)(c)	         Certification of Wallace A. Patzke, Jr.

(32)              Certification under Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act
               of 2002

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
	INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

	(Item 15(a)(1) and (2))

                                                                         Page
Consolidated Financial Statements:
  Consolidated balance sheets at September 30, 2006 and 2005              26(a)

  For the years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004:
      Consolidated statements of income                                   19(a)
      Consolidated statements of shareholders' equity                     27(a)
        and comprehensive income
      Consolidated statements of cash flows                               21(a)

  Notes to consolidated financial statements                           23-34(a)

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms                 36(a)

Selected quarterly financial data (unaudited)                             15(a)

Consents of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms                28(b)

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firms
  on Financial Statement Schedule                                         29(b)

Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule:

   II - Valuation and qualifying accounts                                 30(b)

(a)	Refers to the page number in the Company's 2006 Annual Report to
Shareholders. Such information is incorporated by reference in Item 8
of this Form 10-K.

(b)   Refers to the page number in this Form 10-K.

All other financial statement schedules have been omitted, as they are not
required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or because the
information required is included in the footnotes to the consolidated financial
statements.

Exhibit 23

CONSENTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
Nos. 333-55128, 33-56322, 333-26775, 333-18873, 333-47618, 333-111663 and
333-121007 on Form S-8 of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. of our reports dated
December 6, 2006, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and 2005,
and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and
comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related financial statement schedule, management's assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2006 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2006, which reports appear in the September 30, 2006
annual report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.

Our report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a change in
method of computing share-based compensation as of October 1, 2005.

KPMG LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
December 6, 2006

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos.
333-55128, 33-56322, 333-26775, 333-18873, 333-47618, 333-111663 and 333-
121007 on Forms S-8 of our report dated December 01, 2004,(December 14, 2005
as to the effects of the stock split described in Note 1) incorporated by
reference and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2004.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
December 6, 2006

REPORTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc:

Under date of December 6, 2006, we reported on the consolidated balance
sheets of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September
30, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income,
shareholders' equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years
then ended, which are included in the 2006 Annual Report to Shareholders.
In connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial
statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial statement
schedule incorporated in the Form 10-K by reference.  This financial
statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on this financial statement
schedule based on our audits.

In our opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole,
presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth
therein.

KPMG LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
December 6, 2006

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
Jacksonville, Florida

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") for the year ended
September 30, 2004 and have issued our report thereon dated December 01,
2004 (December 14, 2005 as to the effects of the stock split described in
Note 1); such financial statements and report are included in your 2006
Annual Report to Shareholders and are incorporated herein by reference.
Our audit also included the financial statement schedule of the Company for
the year ended September 30, 2004, listed in Item 15.  This financial
statement schedule is the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audit.  In our
opinion, such financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to
the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents
fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Certified Public Accountants

Jacksonville, Florida
December 1, 2004

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
	SCHEDULE II (CONSOLIDATED) - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
	YEARS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2006, 2005, AND 2004

                                    Additions
                Balance at    Charged to   Charged                 Balance
                Beginning     Costs and   to Other                 at End
Description      of Year      Expenses    Accounts   Deductions    of Year

Year ended
September 30,
2006:

Allowance for
 doubtful
 accounts       $ 2,300,603    272,717                  (43,779)a   2,529,541

Accrued risk
 Insurance      $19,083,666 11,390,921               (7,952,068)b 22,522,519

Asset
 retirement
 obligations    $ 9,059,644  1,137,537  3,795,893 d     (481,638)b  13,511,436

Year ended
September 30,
2005:

Allowance for   $ 2,554,502    257,747                 (511,646)a   2,300,603
 doubtful
 accounts

Accrued risk
 insurance
 reserve        $17,066,925  9,639,096               (7,622,355)b 19,083,666

Asset
 retirement
 obligations    $ 9,033,478    404,135  1,735,965d   (2,113,934)b   9,059,644

Year ended
September 30,
 2004:

Allowance for
 Doubtful
 accounts      $  3,419,357    776,683    (50,000)c (1,591,538)a    2,554,502

Accrued risk
 insurance
 reserves      $ 13,147,330 10,956,265              (7,036,670)b  17,066,925

Asset
 retirement
 obligations(d)$  8,648,576    361,288    212,866d    (189,252)b    9,033,478

a) Accounts written off less recoveries
b) Payments
c) Adjustment due to finalization of the purchase price allocation.
d) New obligations established.

30

<EX-10>
 2
 deferredcompplan.txt
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
                   DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

     Florida  Rock Industries, Inc. (hereinafter referred  to  as
the   "Company")  hereby  establishes  a  nonqualified   deferred
compensation  plan  for a select group of  management  or  highly
compensated employees of the Company to be known as the  "Florida
Rock  Industries,  Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan"  (hereinafter
referred to as the "Plan").

     The  purpose  of the Plan is to permit selected participants
to  accumulate  additional retirement income by  making  elective
deferrals  in  excess of those permitted under the  Florida  Rock
Industries, Inc. Profit Sharing and Deferred Earnings Plan and by
receiving   matching   contributions   and/or   profit    sharing
contributions that are precluded by the provisions of  that  plan
or  by applicable law.  The Plan is intended to be a top-hat plan
as  described  in  Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3)  and  401(a)(1)  of
ERISA.   The  Plan  shall be unfunded for tax  purposes  and  for
purposes of Title I of ERISA.

     The Plan is effective as of [________], 2006.  The Plan will
remain in effect until such time as it shall be terminated by the
Board, pursuant to Article VIII herein.

                            ARTICLE I
                           DEFINITIONS

     1.01 Accrued Benefit:  The sum of all Deferred Amounts credited
to  the  Participant's Deferred Compensation Account and due  and
owing to the Participant or Beneficiary pursuant to the Plan  and
the   applicable  Participation  Agreement,  together  with   any
Earnings and Losses thereon.

1.02 Base Salary:  The amount, determined on the first day of the
Plan Year, due and payable to the Participant in that Plan Year
which is designated by the Company (or any subsidiary thereof, if
applicable) as the Participant's base salary, including any such
amount otherwise due and payable with respect to which the
Deferral Election hereunder applies.
     1.03 Beneficiary:  The person, persons or entity designated by
the  Participant pursuant to Article IX to receive  any  benefits
payable under the Plan.

     1.04 Board:  The Board of Directors of the Company.

1.05 Code:  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
     1.06  Committee:   A committee consisting  of  one  or  more
individuals appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, as set
forth in Article VII.

     1.07 Company:  Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and any successor
thereto.

1.08 Compensation:  A Participant's Base Salary and Incentive
Compensation.
     1.09 Deferred Amounts:  Amounts of Compensation deferred and
credited   to  a  Participant's  Deferred  Compensation   Account
pursuant to Articles III and IV of the Plan.

1.10 Deferral Election:  A written notice filed by an Eligible
Employee with the Committee pursuant to which the employee elects
to  defer  receipt of Compensation under the Plan.  The  Deferral
Election shall be part of the Participation Agreement.

1.11 Deferred Compensation Account:  A bookkeeping account
established for a Participant under the Plan and to which
Deferred Amounts and Earnings and Losses thereon are credited
from time to time, pursuant to the terms of the Plan.
1.12 Earnings and Losses:  Earnings and Losses based on a
Participant's investment elections pursuant to Section 5.02
hereof which shall be credited to the Participant's Deferred
Compensation Account.
     1.13 Effective Date: [_________], 2006.

     1.14 Eligible Employee:  An Employee who the Committee designates
as a member of a select group of management or highly compensated
employees who is selected by the Committee to participate in  the
Plan.

     1.15 Employee:  An individual who is employed by the Company or
any of its subsidiaries.

     1.16 ERISA:  The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974,
as amended.

     1.17 Incentive Compensation:  The cash bonuses or other similar
cash  incentive awards, if any, due and payable to a  Participant
with  respect  to  services performed each year pursuant  to  the
Company's annual bonus plan, including any such bonuses or  other
amounts  due  and  payable with respect  to  which  the  Deferral
Election hereunder applies.

     1.18 Matching Contributions:  Contributions made by the Company
pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof.

     1.19 Participant:  Any Eligible Employee who elects to
participate in the Plan by filing a Participation Agreement with
the Committee.

     1.20 Participation Agreement:  An agreement in such form as the
Committee may prescribe, which agreement shall include an
Eligible Employee's Deferral Election.

     1.21 Plan:  The Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Deferred
Compensation Plan, as may be amended from time to time, together
with each executed, valid Participation Agreement.

     1.22 Plan Year:  The calendar year.

     1.23 Profit Sharing Contributions:  Contributions made by the
Company pursuant to Section 4.02 hereof.

     1.24 Qualified Plan.  The Florida Rock Industries, Inc. Profit
Sharing and Deferred Earnings Plan, as may be amended from time
to time.

1.25 Qualified Plan Limitations:  The limitations on benefits and
on  contributions imposed under Sections 401, 402(g) and  415  of
the Code or any other applicable section of the Code.

     1.26 Termination Date:  The effective date of a Participant's
termination  of  employment with the Company (and any  subsidiary
thereof, if applicable) for any reason.

                           ARTICLE II
                  ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION

     2.01 Eligibility and Participation.  Participation in the Plan
shall  be  limited to Eligible Employees who elect to participate
in  the  Plan by filing a Participation Agreement, including  the
Participant's  designated Deferral Elections, with the  Committee
within the time frames set forth in Section 3.01 below.

     2.02 Cessation of Eligibility.  If the Committee determines in
good faith that a Participant no longer qualifies as a member of
a select group of management or highly compensated employees,
such individual shall cease to be eligible to make subsequent
Deferral Elections.

     2.03 Cessation of Participation.  An individual shall cease to be
a  Participant  in the Plan on the day when his  or  her  Accrued
Benefit is distributed pursuant to Article VI.

                           ARTICLE III
                            DEFERRALS

     3.01 Election to Defer Compensation.

          (a)  Subject to such limitations as the Committee may impose, a
     Participant may elect to defer any whole percentage  of  the
     Participant's  Base  Salary for a Plan Year,  or  any  whole
     percentage of the Participant's Incentive Compensation, to the
     extent such Base Salary and/or Incentive Compensation could not
     be deferred under the Qualified Plan pursuant to the maximum
     permissible elective deferral percentage in effect under the
     Qualified Plan for such year or on account of the Qualified Plan
     Limitations.

          (b)  The Deferral Election with respect to a Participant's Base
     Salary must be filed with the Committee prior to the beginning of
     the Plan Year for which it is effective. The Deferral Election
     with respect to a Participant's Incentive Compensation must be
     filed with the Committee prior to the beginning of the Company's
     fiscal  year  in  which services relating to such  Incentive
     Compensation  are performed or, in the event such  Incentive
     Compensation constitutes performance-based compensation, prior to
     the date that is six (6) months before the end of the relevant
     performance period.  A Participant may not amend or modify a
     Deferral Election after the applicable deadline for making such
     Deferral Election.

          (c)  Notwithstanding paragraph (b) above, in the first year in
     which an individual is determined to be an Eligible Employee,
     such Eligible Employee may make a

Deferral Election with respect
     to Base Salary and Incentive Compensation for services to be
     performed subsequent to such election within thirty (30) days
     after the date such individual is determined to be an Eligible
     Employee.

     3.02 Survival or Modification of Deferral Elections.  Deferral
Elections  made with respect to a Participant's Base  Salary  and
Incentive  Compensation  pursuant to  Section  3.01  above  shall
remain  in  effect for subsequent Plan Years or fiscal years,  as
applicable, unless and until the Participant either timely  files
a new Deferral Election with the Committee or timely notifies the
Committee in writing that he or she desires to make no subsequent
Deferral Election.

                           ARTICLE IV
                      COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS

     4.01 Matching Contributions by the Company.

          (a)  For each Plan Year during which the Plan is in effect and
     subject to the Company's sole discretion, the Company may make
     Matching Contributions to a Participant's Deferred Compensation
     Account in an amount equal to the difference between (a) fifty
     percent  (50%) of the sum of the Participant's  Compensation
     (limited by Code Section 401(a)(17)) deferred under the Qualified
     Plan and this Plan for the effective Plan Year up to a maximum of
     six percent (6%) and (b) the amount of the "Employer Matching
     Contribution"  (within the meaning of  the  Qualified  Plan)
     allocated to such Participant's account under the Qualified Plan
     for such Plan Year.

          (b)  Matching Contributions shall be credited to a Participant's
     Deferred Compensation Account as set forth in Section 5.01.

     4.02 Profit Sharing Contributions.

          (a)  For each Plan Year during which the Plan is in effect and
     subject to the Company's sole discretion, the Company may make
     Profit  Sharing  Contributions to a  Participant's  Deferred
     Compensation Account in an amount equal to the difference between
     (a) the Participant's pro rata allocation he or she would have
     received as an "Employer Nonelective Contribution" (within the
     meaning of the Qualified Plan) under the Qualified Plan were it
     not for the Qualified Plan Limitations and (b) the amount of the
     Employer Nonelective Contribution allocated to such Participant's
     account under the Qualified Plan for such Plan Year.

          (b)  Profit Sharing Contributions shall be credited to a
     Participant's Deferred Compensation Account as set forth  in
     Section 5.01.

                            ARTICLE V
                    ACCOUNTS AND ALLOCATIONS

     5.01 Credits to Deferred Compensation Accounts.  All Participant
deferrals made pursuant to a Deferral Election under Section 3.01
shall  be  credited  to  a  Participant's  Deferred  Compensation
Account when elective deferrals under the Qualified Plan are paid
to  the Qualified

Plan.  All Matching Contributions, if any, made
under  Section  4.02  shall  be  credited  to  the  Participant's
Deferred Compensation Account as soon as possible after the close
of the Plan Year.  All Profit Sharing Contributions, if any, made
under  Section  4.01  shall  be  credited  to  the  Participant's
Deferred Compensation Account as authorized by the Board.

     5.02 Hypothetical Investment Options.

          (a)  Each Participant may specify, in accordance with procedures
     prescribed by the Committee, the manner in which his or  her
     Deferred Compensation Account shall be deemed invested among the
     investment  funds available under the Qualified  Plan.   The
     Committee  may, in its sole discretion, alter the  available
     investment funds or procedures for allocating among them, at any
     time.  Investment selections shall be solely for the purpose of
     crediting  Earnings  and  Losses to  Participants'  Deferred
     Compensation Accounts and may not reflect the actual investment
     of such accounts.  The Company may consider the Participant's
     investment selections but shall not, in any way, be bound to
     actually invest the Participant's Deferred Compensation Account
     in accordance with the selections.

          (b)  If a Participant fails to provide investment selections, the
     Participant's Deferred Compensation Account shall be  deemed
     invested in the investment fund consisting of a money market fund
     designated as having the least investment risk.

          (c)  If a Beneficiary is entitled to receive a distribution of a
     Participant's Deferred Compensation Account, such account shall
     be deemed to remain invested in accordance with the Participant's
     investment selections in effect prior to death until paid in full
     to the Beneficiary.

     5.03  Earnings and Losses Credited to Deferred  Compensation
Account.  Earnings and Losses based on a Participant's investment
elections  pursuant to Section 5.02 shall begin to accrue  as  of
the  date such Participant's Deferred Amounts are credited to his
or her Deferred Compensation Account.

     5.04 Statement of Accounts.  The Committee shall submit to each
Participant  quarterly statements setting forth the Participant's
Accrued  Benefit  as  of the end of the most  recently  completed
quarter.

     5.05 Vested Interest.  Each Participant shall be 100% vested in
his or her Accrued Benefit under the Plan.

          (a)  Each Participant shall at all times be 100% vested in his or
     her deferrals of Base Salary and Incentive Compensation under the
     Plan.

          (b)  Each Participant shall be vested in the portion of his or
     her Matching Contributions and Profit Sharing Contributions, plus
     Earnings and Losses credited or debited on such amounts, in
     accordance with the following schedule:

Years of Plan Participation           Vested Percentage

Less than 1 year                        0%
          1 year or more, but less than 2        20%
          2 years or more, but less than 3       40%
          3 years or more, but less than 4       60%
          4 years or more, but less than 5       80%
          5 years or more                       100%

ARTICLE VI
                          DISTRIBUTIONS

     6.01 Method of Distribution of Accrued Benefit.  A Participant's
Accrued Benefit shall be paid in a single, lump-sum cash payment.
Such  distribution shall be made to the Participant  or,  if  the
Participant is deceased, to the Participant's Beneficiary.

     6.02 Time of Distribution.  Except as provided in Section 6.03,
upon   a  Participant's  Termination  Date,  the  Company   shall
distribute   the  Participant's  Accrued  Benefit  as   soon   as
administratively  practicable following  the  end  of  the  month
coincident  with  or in which the Participant's Termination  Date
occurs.

     6.03 Distributions to Specified Employees.  Notwithstanding any
provision of the Plan to the contrary, if a Participant is deemed
on his Termination Date to be a "specified employee" as such term
is  defined  in  Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code,  the  Company
shall  not  make  a  distribution of  the  Participant's  Accrued
Benefit  until  at  least six (6) months after such  individual's
Termination  Date (or, if earlier, the date of the  Participant's
death).  The Accrued Benefit of a Participant who is deemed to be
a  "specified  employee" shall continue to  be  adjusted  by  the
hypothetical investment options selected by the Participant until
such Accrued Benefit is distributed.

                           ARTICLE VII
              ADMINISTRATION AND CLAIMS PROCEDURES

     7.01  In  General.   The Plan shall be administered  by  the
Committee.  The Committee shall act by vote or written consent of
a majority of its members.

     7.02 Authority of the Committee.  Subject to applicable laws and
the  provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall  have  full  and
final authority in its discretion to establish rules and take all
actions, including, without limitation, interpreting the terms of
the  Plan and any related rules or regulations or other documents
enacted  hereunder and deciding all questions of fact arising  in
their application, determined by the Committee to be necessary in
the administration of the Plan.

     7.03   Effect  of  Committee's  Decision.   All   decisions,
determinations  and  interpretations of the  Committee  shall  be
final,  binding  and  conclusive on all  persons,  including  the
Company,   its   stockholders,   the   Participants   and   their
Beneficiaries.

     7.04 Delegation.  With the consent of the Board, the Committee
may, by resolution, delegate to any person or persons any or  all
of its rights and duties hereunder.  Any such

delegation shall be
valid  and  binding on all persons, and the person or persons  to
whom  any  such authority has been delegated shall, upon  written
acceptance  of  such authority, have full power  to  act  in  all
matters so delegated until the authority expires by its terms  or
is revoked by the Committee.

     7.05 Indemnification of Committee.  The Company shall indemnify
and  hold harmless the members of Committee against any  and  all
claims, losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any
action or failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the
case  of  willful  misconduct by the  Committee  or  any  of  its
members.

     7.06 Claims Procedure.

          (a)  Claims Procedure.  If the Participant has not received
     benefits under this Plan that he believes should be paid, the
     Participant shall make a claim for such benefits as follows:

               (i)  Initiation - Written Claim.  The Participant initiates
          a claim by submitting to the Committee a written claim for the
          benefits.

               (ii) Timing of Company Response.  The Committee shall
          respond to the Participant within ninety (90) days after
          receiving the claim.  If the Committee determines that special
          circumstances require additional time for processing the claim,
          the Committee can extend the response period by an additional
          ninety (90) days by notifying the Participant in writing, prior
          to the end of the initial 90-day period, that an additional
          period is required. The notice of extension must set forth the
          special circumstances and the date by which the Committee expects
          to render its decision.

               (iii)     Notice of Decision.  If the Committee denies part or
          all of the claim, the Committee shall notify the Participant in
          writing of such denial.  The Committee shall write the
          notification in a manner calculated to be understood by the
          Participant.  The notification shall set forth:

                     (A) The specific reasons for the denial;

                     (B) A reference to the specific provisions
                         of this Plan on which the denial is
                         based;

                     (C) A description of any additional
                         information or material necessary for
                         the Participant to perfect the claim
                         and an explanation of why it is needed;

                     (D) An explanation of this Plan's review
                         procedures and the time limits
                         applicable to such procedures; and

                     (E) A statement of the Participant's right
                         to bring a civil action under ERISA
                         Section 502(a) following an adverse
                         benefit determination on review.

(b)  Review Procedure.  If the Committee denies part or all of
     the claim, the Participant shall have the opportunity for a full
     and fair review by the Committee of the denial, as follows:

               (i)  Initiation - Written Request.  To initiate the review,
          the Participant, within sixty (60) days after receiving the
          Committee's notice of denial, must file with the Committee a
          written request for review.

               (ii) Additional Submissions - Information Access.  The
          Participant shall then have the opportunity to submit written
          comments, documents, records and other information relating to
          the claim.  The Committee shall also provide the Participant,
          upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies
          of, all documents, records and other information relevant (as
          defined in applicable ERISA regulations) to the Participant's
          claim for benefits.

               (iii)     Considerations on Review.  In considering the
	  review, the Committee shall take into account all materials and
          information the Participant submits relating to the claim,
          without regard to whether such information was submitted or
          considered in the initial benefit determination.

               (iv) Timing of Committee Response.  The Committee shall
          respond in writing to such Participant within sixty (60) days after
          receiving the request for review.  If the Committee determines
          that special circumstances require additional time for processing
          the claim, the Committee can extend the response period by an
          additional sixty (60) days by notifying the Participant in
          writing, prior to the end of the initial 60-day period, that an
          additional period is required.  The notice of extension must set
          forth the special circumstances and the date by which the
          Committee expects to render its decision.

               (v)  Notice of Decision.  The Committee shall notify the
          Participant in writing of its decision on review.  The Committee
          shall write the notification in a manner calculated to be
          understood by the Participant.  If the claim is denied, the
          notification shall set forth:

                     (A) The specific reasons for the denial;

                     (B) A reference to the specific provisions
                         of this Plan on which the denial is
                         based;

                     (C) A statement that the Participant is
                         entitled to receive, upon request and
                         free of charge, reasonable access to,
                         and copies of, all documents, records
                         and other information relevant (as
                         defined in applicable ERISA
                         regulations) to the Participant's claim
                         for benefits; and

                     (D) A statement of the Participant's right
                         to bring a civil action under ERISA
                         Section 502(a).

ARTICLE VIII
                AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN

     The  Board  may  at any time and from time to  time,  amend,
suspend  or  terminate the Plan in whole or  in  part;  provided,
however, that no such amendment, suspension or termination  shall
adversely  affect  the rights of any Participant  or  Beneficiary
under the Plan unless consented to in writing by such Participant
or,  in  the event the Participant is deceased, the Participant's
Beneficiary.

                           ARTICLE IX
                     BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION

     9.01 Beneficiary Designation.  Each Participant shall have the
right, at any time, to designate any person, persons or entity as
his  Beneficiary  or  Beneficiaries.  A  Beneficiary  designation
shall be made, and may be amended, by the Participant by filing a
written  designation  with the Committee, on  such  form  and  in
accordance with such procedures as the Committee shall  establish
from time to time.

     9.02 No Beneficiary Designation.  If a Participant fails  to
designate  a Beneficiary as provided above, or if all  designated
Beneficiaries  predecease the Participant, then the Participant's
Beneficiary shall be deemed to be the Participant's estate.

                            ARTICLE X
                          MISCELLANEOUS

     10.01     Gender, Number and References.  Except where otherwise
indicated  by  the context, any masculine term used  herein  also
shall include the feminine, the plural shall include the singular
and  the singular shall include the plural.  Any reference in the
Plan  to  a  Section of the Plan or to an act or code or  to  any
section thereof or rule or regulation thereunder shall be  deemed
to refer to such Section of the Plan, act, code, section, rule or
regulation,  as  may  be amended from time to  time,  or  to  any
successor  Section  of  the Plan, act,  code,  section,  rule  or
regulation.

     10.02     No Assignment.  Except as specifically set forth in the
Plan  with  respect  to the designation of Beneficiaries  and  as
otherwise  required  by  applicable law, any  interest,  benefit,
payment,  claim or right of any Participant under the Plan  shall
not  be  sold,  transferred,  assigned,  pledged,  encumbered  or
hypothecated by any Participant and shall not be subject  in  any
manner  to  any  claims  of any creditor of  any  Participant  or
Beneficiary,  and any attempt to take any such  action  shall  be
null and void.

     10.03     Severability.  In the event any provision of the Plan
shall  be  held illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality
or  invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of the  Plan,
and the Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or
invalid provision had not been included.

     10.04     Successors.  All obligations of the Company under the
Plan  shall  be binding on any successor to the Company,  whether
the  existence of such successors is the result of  a  direct  or
indirect  purchase, merger, consolidation, or other event,  or  a
sale  or  disposition of all or

substantially all of the business
and/or  assets  of  the Company and references to  the  "Company"
herein  any  in any Participation Agreements shall be  deemed  to
refer to such successors.

     10.05     Tax Withholding.  The Company shall have the power and
right to deduct or withhold from all payments under the Plan  any
applicable taxes that the Committee reasonably determines  to  be
required by law to be withheld from such payments.

     10.06     Unfunded Plan.  The Plan is intended to be an unfunded
plan   benefiting  a  select  group  of  management   or   highly
compensated  employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
All  payments pursuant to the Plan will be made from the  general
assets  of  the  Company,  and  the rights  of  Participants  and
Beneficiaries  under  the  Plan will be  only  those  of  general
unsecured creditors of the Company.

     10.07     Governing Law.  To the extent not preempted by federal
law,  the Plan shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by  the laws of the State of Florida, excluding any conflicts  or
choice  of  law  rule  or  principle that might  otherwise  refer
construction  or  interpretation of this Plan to the  substantive
law of another jurisdiction.

     10.08     Non-Exclusive Plan.  The adoption of the Plan by the
Board  shall not be construed as creating any limitations on  the
power  of  the Board or a committee thereof to adopt  such  other
incentive arrangements as it may deem desirable.

     10.09      Code  Section  409A Compliance.   To  the  extent
applicable,  it is intended that this Plan and all deferrals  and
payments  made hereunder comply with the requirements of  Section
409A  of  the Code and any related regulations or other  guidance
promulgated  with respect to such Section by the U.S.  Department
of the Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service ("Section 409A").
Any  provision  that  would cause the Plan  or  any  deferral  or
payment made hereunder to fail to satisfy Section 409A shall have
no  force  or  effect until amended to comply with Section  409A,
which  amendment  may be retroactive to the extent  permitted  by
Section 409A.

PAGE>

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 grandin.txt
 GRANDIN LEASE
 
Prepared by and return to:
Sharon Roberts Henderson, Esq.
McGuireWoods LLP
50 North Laura St., Suite 3300
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

AMENDMENT TO MINING LEASE AGREEMENT
             -----------------------------------
                          (Grandin)

      This  Amendment to Mining Lease Agreement  is  entered
into by and between FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC. ("FRP") as
Landlord,  and  FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES,  INC.  ("FRI"),  as
Tenant,  this 4th day of October, 2006.

                          RECITALS:
                          ---------

      FRI, as Tenant, entered into that certain Mining Lease
Agreement  with  Grandin  Land,  Inc.,  as  Landlord,  dated
September  1, 1986, recorded in Official Records Book  0539,
page  1908, of the public records of Putnam County,  Florida
(the  "Lease").  FRP is successor by merger to Grandin  Land
Sales,  Inc.,  and is the Landlord under the Lease,  as  set
forth  in Assumption Agreement recorded in Official  Records
Book 539, page 1931, of the public records of Putnam County,
Florida.

      FRI  and  FRP desire to amend the Lease as  set  forth
below.

      NOW  THEREFORE, in consideration of $10.00  and  other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of  which  is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agree  as
follows:

     1.   The foregoing Recitals are true and correct.

     2.   Landlord and Tenant hereby agree to modify, amend and
restate  in its entirety the first full paragraph of Section
II(b) of Exhibit "D" attached to the Lease, as follows:

     (b)    Releases.    Tenant will release mined  out  and
     reclaimed  land  and lakes to Landlord for  development
     when   in  the  Tenant's  discretion,  development   by
     Landlord  will not impair the then current  or  planned
     future mining activities.

     3.    Tenant agrees that when mining is complete and no
further mining or operational use of the land is anticipated
by  Tenant, Tenant shall reclaim the land in compliance with
either the reclamation standards of the State of Florida  or
the  reclamation  standards of the county where  the  Leased
Lands  are  located,  whichever is stricter.  Whereever  any
portions  of  the  Leased Lands are  grandfathered  so  that

reclamation   is  not  required, Tenant  shall  nevertheless
reclaim  the lands in accordance with reclamation  standards
of  the  State  of  Florida  as if  the  same  were  legally
applicable,  where no further mining or operational  use  of
the  lands is anticipated.  Reclamation will include sloping
banks  and  planting trees, but Landlord  acknowledges  that
reclamation  will  not  restore the  land  to  its  original
condition.   Within three (3) years from  the  date  hereof,
Tenant shall begin its reclamation of areas where mining  is
now  complete, and no further mining or operational  use  of
the land is anticipated by Tenant.

     4.     Landlord and Tenant acknowledge that  the  Lease
continues  in full force and effect in accordance  with  its
terms,   as   modified  herein.   In  the   event   of   any
inconsistency  between the provisions of this Amendment  and
the  provisions  of the Lease as it existed  prior  to  this
Amendment, the terms of this Amendment shall prevail and  be
deemed  to  modify inconsistent terms of  the  Lease  as  it
previously existed.

[Signatures on Following Pages]

IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have entered into
this Amendment as of the date set forth above.

Signed, sealed and delivered         FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________            /s/ John E. Anderson
Print:______________________         By:_________________________
                                     Print: John E. Anderson
                                     Its: Chairman
____________________________
Print:_____________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as _____________ of Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a Florida
corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (   )  is
personally  known  to  me or (   )   has  produced  a  valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              ______________________________
                              Print:________________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:_________
                              Serial No. ___________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

Signed, sealed and delivered       FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________           /s/ John D. Milton, Jr.
Print: ______________________      By: _________________________
                                   Print: John D. Milton, Jr.
                                   Its: Executive Vice President
____________________________
Print:______________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  ______________  of  Florida  Rock  Industries,  Inc.,  a
Florida corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (
)  is  personally known to me or (   )  has produced a valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              ______________________________
                              Print: _______________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:_________
                              Serial No. ____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 astatula.txt
 ASTATULA LEASE
 
Prepared by and return to:
Sharon Roberts Henderson, Esq.
McGuireWoods LLP
50 North Laura St., Suite 3300
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

AMENDMENT TO MINING LEASE AGREEMENT
             -----------------------------------
                         (Astatula)

      This  Amendment to Mining Lease Agreement  is  entered
into  by  and between FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC. ("FRP"),
as  Landlord, and FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC. ("FRI"),  as
Tenant,  this 4th day of October, 2006.

                          RECITALS:
                          ---------

      FRI, as Tenant, entered into that certain Mining Lease
Agreement  with  FRP,  as Landlord,  dated  April  1,  1986,
recorded  in  Official Records Book 881, page 1458,  of  the
public  records  of  Lake County, Florida,  as  modified  by
unrecorded  First  Modification to  Mining  Lease  Agreement
dated April 1, 2001 (collectively, the "Lease").

      FRI  and  FRP desire to amend the Lease as  set  forth
below.

      NOW  THEREFORE, in consideration of $10.00  and  other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of  which  is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agree  as
follows:

     1.    Recitals.   The foregoing Recitals are  true  and
correct.

     2.   Extension of Term.  The term of the Lease is hereby
extended for an additional term beginning April 1, 2006, and
expiring  on  the  earlier  of the following  dates  (unless
sooner  terminated  in  accordance with  the  terms  of  the
Lease):

          (i)  March 31, 2031; or

          (ii)    When  FRI has determined in its reasonable
            discretion   that   no   economically   mineable
            reserves  of  Construction Materials  remain  on
            lands  owned  or leased by FRI adjacent  to  the
            Leased Lands.

     3.    Minimum  Royalty.  Paragraph (a)  of   Exhibit  C
attached to the Lease, setting forth the minimum royalty  to
the  paid  by  Tenant for use and possession of  the  Leased
Lands,  shall  be  modified, amended  and  restated  in  its
entirety  as  set  forth  on  Exhibit  A  attached  to  this
Amendment.  All portions of Exhibit C to the Lease which are
not

specifically amended hereby shall remain in full  force
and effect.  Provided however, that this Amendment shall  be
recorded  in  the  public records of the  county  where  the
Leased  Lands are located as a short form memorandum without
attaching thereto a copy of said Exhibit A.

     4.   Reclamation.   Tenant agrees that when  mining  is
complete  and no further mining or operational  use  of  the
land is anticipated by Tenant, Tenant shall reclaim the land
in  compliance with either the reclamation standards of  the
State  of Florida or the reclamation standards of the county
where  the  Leased Lands are located, whichever is stricter.
Wherever  any portions of the Leased Lands are grandfathered
so   that   reclamation  is  not  required,   Tenant   shall
nevertheless   reclaim   the  lands   in   accordance   with
reclamation  standards of the State of Florida,  as  if  the
same  were  legally  applicable, when no further  mining  or
operational  use of the lands is anticipated.  Within  three
(3)  years  of  the  date hereof, Tenant  shall  begin  such
reclamation  of  that  part of the  Leased  Lands  where  no
further mining or operational use is anticipated by Tenant.

     5.     Full  Force  and  Effect.  Landlord  and  Tenant
acknowledge  that  the Lease continues  in  full  force  and
effect in accordance with its terms, as modified herein.  In
the  event  of  any inconsistency between the provisions  of
this Amendment and the provisions of the Lease as it existed
prior  to this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment  shall
prevail  and be deemed to modify all inconsistent  terms  of
the Lease as it previously existed.

[Signatures on Following Pages]

IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have entered into
this Amendment as of the date set forth above.

Signed, sealed and delivered       FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________            /s/ John E. Anderson
Print:_______________________      By: __________________________
                                   Print: John E. Anderson
                                   Its: Chairman

____________________________
Print:_______________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  ___________ of Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a  Florida
corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (   )  is
personally  known  to  me or (   )   has  produced  a  valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                             ______________________________
                             Print: _______________________
                             Notary Public, State of Florida

                             My commission expires:__________
                             Serial No. _____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

Signed, sealed and delivered       FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________         /s/ John D. Milton, Jr.
Print:______________________      By: __________________________
                                  Print: John D. Milton, Jr.
                                  Its: Executive Vice President
____________________________
Print:______________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as _____________ of Florida Rock Industries, Inc., a Florida
corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (   )  is
personally  known  to  me or (   )   has  produced  a  valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              _____________________________
                              Print:_______________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:__________
                              Serial No. _____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

EXHIBIT A
                      Royalty Schedule
  Forming a Part of Paragraph 3 of the Amendment to Mining
                       Lease Agreement

Paragraph  (a)  of Exhibit C to the Lease is hereby  amended
and restated in its entirety as follows:

(a)   The  sum  of EIGHT THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED THIRTY-THREE
and  33/100  Dollars  ($8,333.33) per  month  as  a  minimum
royalty  shall  be  paid by Tenant to Landlord  during  each
month  from the effective date hereof through September  30,
2010.   Beginning  on  October 1,  2010,  and  on  each  5th
anniversary thereof during the term of this Lease (each such
date   being  referred  to  herein  as  a  "Minimum  Royalty
Adjustment Date"), the minimum monthly royalty payment shall
be adjusted proportionately with any changes in the Producer
Price  Index for Construction Sand, Gravel and Crushed Stone
(Commodity Code 13-21) (1982=100) (the "PPI"), as  published
by  the U. S. Department of Labor during the preceding  five
year  period  of  the  Lease term.  For  the  adjustment  on
October 1, 2010, the calendar year 2005 shall be used as the
base year.  For each subsequent adjustment after October  1,
2010, the base year for the PPI adjustment shall be the last
calendar  year  of  the five year period  which  immediately
preceded  the  five  year  period  that  ended  on  the  day
immediately  preceding the Minimum Royalty Adjustment  Date.
The minimum royalty payment as adjusted on each Minimum Rent
Adjustment  Date  shall  then  become  the  minimum  monthly
royalty payment for each month of the next five years of the
term,  until the next Minimum Royalty Adjustment Date,  when
the  minimum  royalty is again adjusted as provided  herein.
Notwithstanding  any  of the above provisions,  the  minimum
monthly  royalty  shall  never be less  than  $8,333.33  per
month.   If  the index required for the calculation  of  the
royalty  adjustment  is  not  available  at  the  time   the
adjustment is to become effective, Tenant shall continue  to
pay  the minimum royalty in effect for the preceding  month,
until the adjustment can be computed, at which time Landlord
shall  advise  Tenant and Tenant shall  pay  the  additional
amount  that  would  have been required,  had  the  adjusted
royalty   figure  been  available  on  the  Minimum  Royalty
Adjustment  Date.   The  payment  of  each  month's  minimum
royalty shall be made within twenty (20) days following  the
beginning  of  the calendar month of the  Lease  term.   All
minimum royalties paid by Tenant may be recovered by  Tenant
as  provided in the subsequent provisions of this Exhibit C;
provided,  however,  such  minimum  royalties  may  only  be
recovered during Tenant's fiscal year in which such payments
are made.

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 marionsand.txt
 MARION SAND LEASE
 
Prepared by and return to:
Sharon Roberts Henderson, Esq.
McGuireWoods LLP
50 North Laura St., Suite 3300
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

AMENDMENT TO MINING LEASE AGREEMENT
             -----------------------------------
                        (Marion Sand)

      This  Amendment to Mining Lease Agreement  is  entered
into by and between FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC. ("FRP") as
Landlord,  and  FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES,  INC.  ("FRI"),  as
Tenant,  this 4th day of October, 2006.

                          RECITALS:
                          ---------

      FRI, as Tenant, entered into that certain Mining Lease
Agreement  with  FRP,  as Landlord,  dated  April  1,  1986,
recorded  in Official Records Book 1358, page 0384,  of  the
public  records  of Marion County, Florida, as  modified  by
unrecorded  First Amendment to Mining Lease Agreement  dated
April   1,  1991  (collectively,  the  "Lease").   FRI   has
previously exercised two options to extend the term  of  the
Lease to March 31, 2008.

      FRI  and  FRP desire to amend the Lease as  set  forth
below.

      NOW  THEREFORE, in consideration of $10.00  and  other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of  which  is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agree  as
follows:

     1.    Recitals.   The foregoing Recitals are  true  and
correct.

     2.   Extension of Term.  The term of the Lease is hereby
extended for an additional term beginning April 1, 2008, and
expiring  on  the  earlier  of the following  dates  (unless
sooner  terminated  in  accordance with  the  terms  of  the
Lease):

          (i)  March 31, 2031; or

          (ii)    When  FRI has determined in its reasonable
            discretion   that   no   economically   mineable
            reserves  of  Construction Materials  remain  on
            lands  owned  or leased by FRI adjacent  to  the
            Leased Lands.

     3.    Minimum  Royalty.  Paragraph (a)  of   Exhibit  C
attached to the Lease, setting forth the minimum royalty  to
the  paid  by  Tenant for use and possession of  the  Leased
Lands,  shall  be  modified, amended  and  restated  in  its
entirety  as  set  forth  on  Exhibit  A

attached  to  this Amendment.  All portions of Exhibit C to
the Lease which are not  specifically amended hereby shall
remain in full  force and effect.  Provided however, that
this Amendment shall  be recorded  in  the  public records of
the  county  where  the Leased  Lands are located as a short
form memorandum without attaching thereto a copy of said
Exhibit A.

     4.   Reclamation.   Tenant agrees that when  mining  is
complete  and no further mining or operational  use  of  the
land is anticipated by Tenant, Tenant shall reclaim the land
in  compliance with either the reclamation standards of  the
State  of Florida or the reclamation standards of the county
where  the  Leased Lands are located, whichever is stricter.
Wherever  any portions of the Leased Lands are grandfathered
so   that   reclamation  is  not  required,   Tenant   shall
nevertheless   reclaim   the  lands   in   accordance   with
reclamation  standards of the State of Florida,  as  if  the
same  were  legally  applicable, when no further  mining  or
operational  use of the lands is anticipated.  Within  three
(3)  years  of  the  date hereof, Tenant  shall  begin  such
reclamation  of  that  part of the  Leased  Lands  where  no
further mining or operational use is anticipated by Tenant.

     5.     Full  Force  and  Effect.  Landlord  and  Tenant
acknowledge  that  the Lease continues  in  full  force  and
effect in accordance with its terms, as modified herein.  In
the  event  of  any inconsistency between the provisions  of
this Amendment and the provisions of the Lease as it existed
prior  to this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment  shall
prevail  and be deemed to modify all inconsistent  terms  of
the Lease as it previously existed.

[Signatures on Following Pages]

IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have entered into
this Amendment as of the date set forth above.

Signed, sealed and delivered        FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC.
in the presence of:

_________________________               /s/ John E. Anderson
Print:___________________           By: ________________________________
                                    Print:John E. Anderson
                                    Its: Chairman
____________________________
Print:_____________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  _______________  of  Florida Rock  Properties,  Inc.,  a
Florida corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (
)  is  personally known to me or (   )  has produced a valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              _____________________________
                              Print:_______________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:_________
                              Serial No. ____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

Signed, sealed and delivered        FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________            /s/ John D. Milton, Jr.
Print: _____________________        By: _________________________
                                    Print: John D. Milton, Jr.
                                    Its: Executive Vice President
____________________________
Print:______________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  _______________  of  Florida Rock  Industries,  Inc.,  a
Florida corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (
)  is  personally known to me or (   )  has produced a valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              ______________________________
                              Print:________________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:_________
                              Serial No. ____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

EXHIBIT A
                      Royalty Schedule
  Forming a Part of Paragraph 3 of the Amendment of Mining
                       Lease Agreement

Paragraph  (a)  of Exhibit C to the Lease is hereby  amended
and restated in its entirety as follows:

(a)   The  sum  of EIGHT THOUSAND THREE HUNDRED THIRTY-THREE
and  33/100  Dollars  ($8,333.33) per  month  as  a  minimum
royalty  shall  be  paid by Tenant to Landlord  during  each
month  from the effective date hereof through September  30,
2010.   Beginning  on  October 1,  2010,  and  on  each  5th
anniversary thereof during the term of this Lease (each such
date   being  referred  to  herein  as  a  "Minimum  Royalty
Adjustment Date"), the minimum monthly royalty payment shall
be adjusted proportionately with any changes in the Producer
Price  Index for Construction Sand, Gravel and Crushed Stone
(Commodity Code 13-21) (1982=100) (the "PPI"), as  published
by  the U. S. Department of Labor during the preceding  five
year  period  of  the  Lease term.  For  the  adjustment  on
October 1, 2010, the calendar year 2005 shall be used as the
base year.  For each subsequent adjustment after October  1,
2010, the base year for the PPI adjustment shall be the last
calendar  year  of  the five year period  which  immediately
preceded  the  five  year  period  that  ended  on  the  day
immediately  preceding the Minimum Royalty Adjustment  Date.
The minimum royalty payment as adjusted on each Minimum Rent
Adjustment  Date  shall  then  become  the  minimum  monthly
royalty payment for each month of the next five years of the
term,  until the next Minimum Royalty Adjustment Date,  when
the  minimum  royalty is again adjusted as provided  herein.
Notwithstanding  any  of the above provisions,  the  minimum
monthly  royalty  shall  never be less  than  $8,333.33  per
month.   If  the index required for the calculation  of  the
royalty  adjustment  is  not  available  at  the  time   the
adjustment is to become effective, Tenant shall continue  to
pay  the minimum royalty in effect for the preceding  month,
until the adjustment can be computed, at which time Landlord
shall  advise  Tenant and Tenant shall  pay  the  additional
amount  that  would  have been required,  had  the  adjusted
royalty   figure  been  available  on  the  Minimum  Royalty
Adjustment  Date.   The  payment  of  each  month's  minimum
royalty shall be made within twenty (20) days following  the
beginning  of  the calendar month of the  lease  term.   All
minimum royalties paid by Tenant may be recovered by  Tenant
as  provided in the subsequent provisions of this Exhibit C;
provided,  however,  such  minimum  royalties  may  only  be
recovered during Tenant's fiscal year in which such payments
are made.

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 6
 buildinglease.txt
 BUILDING LEASE

Prepared by and return to:
Sharon Roberts Henderson, Esq.
McGuireWoods LLP
50 North Laura St., Suite 3300
Jacksonville, Florida 32202

AMENDMENT TO BUILDING LEASE
                 ---------------------------
        (155 East 21st Street, Jacksonville, Florida)

     This Amendment to Building Lease is entered into by and
between  FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC. ("FRP") as  Landlord,
and  FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC. ("FRI"), as Tenant,  this
4th day of October, 2006.

                          RECITALS:
                          ---------

      FRI,  as  Tenant,  entered into that certain  Building
Lease  with FRP, as Landlord, dated April 1, 1986,  recorded
in  Official  Records Book 6152, page 914,  as  modified  by
Building Lease Modification Agreement dated December 3, 1986
recorded  in Official Records Book 6254, page 2075,  all  in
the  public records of Duval County, Florida and as  further
modified  by unrecorded Addenda dated July 1, 1987;  October
1,  1989; April 1, 1991; August 20, 1992; September 1, 1992;
October  1,  1993  and  April  1,  1996  (collectively,  the
"Lease").

      FRI  and FRP desire to further amend the Lease as  set
forth below.

      NOW  THEREFORE, in consideration of $10.00  and  other
good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of  which  is hereby acknowledged, the undersigned agree  as
follows:

     1.   Recitals. The foregoing Recitals are true and correct.

     2.   Extension of Term.   The term of the Lease commenced on
April 1, 1986, and is hereby extended for an additional  ten
(10)  years.  The term of the Lease will expire at  midnight
on  March  31,  2026, unless sooner terminated  as  provided
therein.

     3.   Base Rent During Extended Term.   Beginning on April 1,
2016,  and  continuing on the first day of each  consecutive
month  thereafter through March 31, 2026, the  monthly  Base
Rent  for the Demised Premises for each month shall  be  the
same  as  the monthly Base Rent which was due for the  month
beginning March 1, 2016.  All sales tax due on the Base Rent
shall be paid to Landlord with each installment thereof.

     4.   Assignment.   Tenant shall not assign its interest
under  the  Lease  without  the  prior  written  consent  of
Landlord,  whose consent shall not be unreasonably  withheld
or  delayed.  Landlord agrees that it shall not withhold its
consent to assignment of the Tenant's interest in the  Lease
to  a  proposed assignee whose financial resources  make  it
reasonably capable of performing the obligations  of  Tenant
under  the  Lease.  Subject to

the rights of Tenant  as  set
forth  in Section 5 below, Landlord shall have the right  to
assign  its  interest in the Lease to a party who  purchases
fee simple interest in the Demised Premises.

     5.   Option.

     Landlord  hereby  grants to Tenant  a  right  of  first
refusal to purchase the Demised Premises pursuant to and  on
the terms set forth as follows:

     5.1   If  Landlord receives a bona fide  offer  from  a
third party to buy the Demised Premises and Landlord desires
to  accept  the offer,  Landlord will first make  a  written
offer  to  sell the Demised Premises to Tenant  (the  "Offer
Notice")  on the same terms as the third party offer  (which
Offer  Notice shall include a copy of the third party offer,
if  such  offer  was  made in writing,  or  otherwise  shall
include  detailed description of the terms  of  the  offer.)
Tenant  will  have thirty (30) days after  receipt  of  such
Offer  Notice within which to accept such offer  by  written
notice  to  Landlord.  If Tenant accepts such offer  as  set
forth  in  the  Offer Notice, Tenant shall be  obligated  to
purchase  the Demised Premises in accordance with  terms  of
the  offer.  If Tenant fails to accept such offer within the
time  period  provided for acceptance  by  Tenant,  Landlord
shall thereafter be free to sell the Demised Premises to any
party within one year of the Offer Notice, to any person  or
entity, provided the purchase price accepted from such third
party  is  not  less than the purchase price  at  which  the
Demised Premises were offered to Tenant, and the terms other
than the purchase price are not materially more favorable to
a buyer than the terms offered to Tenant.

     5.2  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth
herein, Tenant shall have no right to exercise its right  of
first  refusal  if  Tenant is in default  under  this  Lease
beyond any notice and cure period provided herein.

     5.3  Tenant shall not have a right of first refusal  to
purchase  the Demised Premises in the event of a foreclosure
sale  by,  or  a conveyance in lieu of foreclosure  to,  any
mortgagee  having  a  lien upon the  Demised  Premises,  but
Tenant shall have the right to bid at any foreclosure sale.

     5.4  If Tenant declines to exercise this right of first
refusal  and Landlord thereafter sells the Demised  Premises
as permitted by Section 5.1, Tenant's right of first refusal
shall  terminate  effective upon such sale  of  the  Demised
Premises.

     6.    Lease  in  Full Force and Effect.   Landlord  and
Tenant  acknowledge that the Lease continues in  full  force
and effect in accordance with its terms, as modified herein.
In  the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of
this Amendment and the provisions of the Lease as it existed
prior  to this Amendment, the terms of this Amendment  shall
prevail  and be deemed to modify inconsistent terms  of  the
Lease as it previously existed.

               [Signatures on Following Pages]

IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have entered into
this Amendment as of the date set forth above.

Signed, sealed  and  delivered     FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________           /s/ John E. Anderson
Print:_______________________     By:________________________________
                                  Print:  John E. Anderson
                                  Its: Chairman
____________________________
Print:______________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  ___________ of Florida Rock Properties, Inc., a  Florida
corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (   )  is
personally  known  to  me or (   )   has  produced  a  valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                             _______________________________
                             Print:_________________________
                             Notary Public, State of Florida

                             My commission expires:___________
                             Serial No._______________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

Signed, sealed and delivered   FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
in the presence of:

____________________________       /s/ John D. Milton, Jr.
Print: _____________________  By: ________________________________
                              Print: John D. Milton, Jr.
                              Its: Executive Vice President

____________________________
Print:_____________________

STATE OF FLORIDA
COUNTY OF DUVAL

     The  foregoing  instrument was acknowledged  before  me
this  ____  day of October, 2006, by ______________________,
as  ___________ of Florida Rock Industries, Inc., a  Florida
corporation, on behalf of the corporation.  He/She (   )  is
personally  known  to  me or (   )   has  produced  a  valid
Florida Driver's License as identification.

                              ______________________________
                              Print: _______________________
                              Notary Public, State of Florida

                              My commission expires:_________
                              Serial No. ____________________

                                  (Notarial Seal)

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 7
 brooksvillejv.txt
 BROOKSVILLE JOINT VENTURE

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

                               BETWEEN

                    FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.

                                 AND
                    FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC.

       (a subsidiary of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc.)

                     DATED AS OF OCTOBER 4, 2006

TABLE OF CONTENTS                  Page

SECTION 1 FORMATION OF JOINT VENTURE                               1
     1.1  Formation                                                1
     1.2  Members and Percentage Interests                         2
     1.3  Purpose                                                  2
     1.4  Principal Office                                         2
     1.5  Unified Agreement                                        2

SECTION 2 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO JOINT VENTURE                   2
     2.1  Initial Capital Contributions                            2
     2.2  Method of Making Initial Capital Contributions           3
     2.3  Capital Accounts                                         3
     2.4  No Right to Interest on Capital Contributions or to
          Withdraw or Withdraw One's Capital Contributions         4
     2.5  Additional Capital Contributions or Loans                4

SECTION 3 ADDITIONAL TRANSACTIONS                                  5
     3.1  Rivenbark Property Acquisition Expenses                  5
     3.2  Brooksville Mining                                       5
     3.3  Additional Property                                      5

SECTION 4 GOVERNANCE                                               5
     4.1  Management Committee                                     5
     4.2  Appointment and Tenure of the Committee Members          6
     4.3  Meetings of the Management Committee                     6
     4.4  Business Plan                                            6
     4.5  Officers of the Company                                  7
     4.6  Approval Rights of FRP and FRK                           7
     4.7  Other Activities of Members and Committee Members        8
     4.8  Salaries of Committee Members                            8

SECTION 5 BUYOUT EVENTS AND TRANSFERS                              8
     5.1  Put and Call Buy-Sell                                    8
     5.2  Right of First Refusal                                   9
     5.3  Power of Attorney                                       10

SECTION 6 DISTRIBUTIONS                                           10
     6.1  General                                                 10
     6.2  Liquidating Distributions                               10
     6.3  Limitations of Distributions                            10
     6.4  Return of Capital                                       10

SECTION 7 ALLOCATIONS                                             10
     7.1  Allocations of Profits and Losses Among the Members     10
     7.2  Special Allocations                                     11
     7.3  Curative Allocations                                    12
     7.4  Other Allocation Rules                                  12
     7.5  Section 704(c) Allocations                              13

TABLE OF CONTENTS
                            (continued)                         Page

SECTION 8 FEDERAL AND STATE TAX MATTERS                           13
     8.1  Tax Year and Accounting Matters                         13
     8.2  Tax Elections                                           13
     8.3  Tax Matters Partner                                     14

SECTION 9 INDEMNIFICATION                                         14
     9.1  Indemnification                                         14
     9.2  Advances                                                14

SECTION 10 DISSOLUTION OF THE COMPANY                             15
     10.1 Events of Dissolution                                   15
     10.2 Liquidating Distributions                               15

SECTION 11 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS                               15
     11.1 Representations and Warranties of Members               15
     11.2 Amendment                                               16
     11.3 Construction                                            16
     11.4 Severability                                            16
     11.5 Burden and Benefit Upon Successors                      16
     11.6 Further Assurances                                      16
     11.7 Notices                                                 16
     11.8 Waiver                                                  16
     11.9 Company Property                                        17
     11.10 Counterparts                                           17
     11.11 No Third Party Beneficiary                             17
     11.12 Governing Law                                          17
     11.13 Survival                                               17
     11.14 Counsel Fees                                           17
     11.15 Entire Agreement                                       17
     11.16 No Agency Relationship                                 17
     11.17 Dispute Resolution                                     17

List of Schedules and Exhibits                      Section Reference
- ------------------------------                      -----------------

Schedule 1 --Definitions                            Preamble (Page 1)
Schedule 2 - Description of Brooksville Property    Page 1
Schedule 3 - Permitted Encumbrances                 Schedule 1 (Page
S1-6)
Schedule 4.1 - Initial Management Committee Members Section 4.1

Exhibit A - Certificate and Plan of Merger          Section 2.2(c)

JOINT VENTURE AGREEMENT

     This  Joint  Venture Agreement (this "Agreement")  is  made  and
entered  into  effective as of the 4th  day  of  October,  2006  (the
"Effective  Date")  by  and among Florida Rock  Industries,  Inc.,  a
Florida  corporation  ("FRK"),  and  Florida  Rock  Properties,  Inc.
("FRP"), a Florida corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Patriot
Transportation   Holding,  Inc.  ("Patriot").   FRK   and   FRP   are
collectively referred to herein as "Party" or "Parties."  Capitalized
terms  used  in this Agreement shall have the meanings  specified  in
Schedule 1 to this Agreement.

                             BACKGROUND

A.   FRP owns 3,443 acres of land located in the Brooksville, Florida
     area (the "FRP Property").  FRK has a leasehold interest in the FRP
     Property pursuant to a long term lease between FRP and FRK pursuant
     to  which FRI potentially has the right, upon exercising renewal
     options, to use and mine the FRP Property for up to the next 86 years
     (the "FRK Brooksville Leasehold Interest").

B.   FRK  owns 553 acres of land located adjacent to the FRP Property
     (the "FRK Property").  FRK also owns an additional 288 acre parcel
     that it recently acquired through its wholly owned subsidiary, FRK
     Brittle Road LLC (the "Rivenbark Property").  The FRP Property, the
     FRK Property and the Rivenbark Property are collectively referred to
     herein as the "Brooksville Property."  The Brooksville Property is
     more specifically described in Schedule 2.

C.   FRK  and FRP have determined, based on their analysis of various
     factors,  that  the  Brooksville Property is  more  valuable  as
     development property than as mining property.

D.   At present, however, FRP cannot develop the FRP Property or sell
     the FRP Property to a third party for development due to the FRK
     Brooksville Leasehold Interest; likewise, FRK cannot develop the FRP
     Property under the terms of the existing lease.

E.   Accordingly, the independent directors of FRK and Patriot have
     determined that it is in the best interests of each Party to enter
     into this Agreement to establish a joint venture (the "Joint
     Venture") to pursue the development and/or sale of the Brooksville
     Property.

F.   In  connection  with entering into this Agreement,  the  Parties
     have agreed to amend certain lease agreements between FRK and FRP
     relating to properties other than the Brooksville Property.

                              AGREEMENT

     In  consideration  of the foregoing recitals  which  are  hereby
incorporated  as a part of this Agreement, the mutual  covenants  and
agreements   contained   herein,  and   other   good   and   valuable
consideration,  the  receipt  and sufficiency  of  which  are  hereby
acknowledged,  the  Parties, intending to be  legally  bound,  hereby
agree as follows:

                              SECTION 1

                     FORMATION OF JOINT VENTURE

     1.1   Formation.  The Parties hereby agree to form, organize and
capitalize a new limited liability company (the "Company") under  the
provisions  of the Florida Limited Liability Company Act (the  "Act")
and  in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. The business  of
the Joint Venture shall be conducted through the Company. The name of
the Company shall be Brooksville Quarry, LLC.

1.2  Members and Percentage Interests.  FRK and FRP each shall
have a 50% Membership Interest in the Company.

     1.3  Purpose.  The purpose of the Company is (a) to develop and/or
sell  the  Brooksville Property (the "Project") and to  conduct  such
other lawful activities as are reasonably necessary or useful to  the
furtherance  of  the  Project, and (b) to conduct  any  other  lawful
business of the Joint Venture as the Board may determine from time to
time.   The  Company  shall have all powers of  a  limited  liability
company  under  the Act and the power to do all things  necessary  or
convenient to operate its business and accomplish its purpose.

     1.4  Principal Office.  The initial principal office of the Company
shall  be  155  East 21st Street, Jacksonville, Florida  32206.   The
Company  may  relocate the principal office and have such  additional
offices as the Board may deem advisable.

     1.5  Unified Agreement.  This Agreement sets forth the terms of the
Joint Venture and serves as the Operating Agreement of the Company.

                              SECTION 2

               CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS TO JOINT VENTURE

     2.1  Initial Capital Contributions.  Concurrently with the execution
of  this  Agreement, each Member shall make the Capital Contributions
described below (the "Initial Capital Contributions") to the  Company
in exchange for a 50% Membership Interest in the Company:

          Member        Initial Capital         Percentage
          ------         Contribution            Interest
                         ------------            --------
     Florida Rock         the FRK Property          50%
     Industries, Inc.

                          the  FRK  Brooksville
                          Leasehold Interest

                          the Rivenbark Property

     Florida Rock         the  FRP  Property        50%
     Properties, Inc.     (subject  to reserved
                          right to royalties as
                          described in  Section
                          3.2)

                          50% of the Rivenbark
                          Acquisition Costs

Each such asset to be contributed shall be contributed free and
clear  of any liens and encumbrances whatsoever, except for Permitted
Encumbrances.   For  purposes of calculating Capital  Accounts,  each
Member  shall be credited with an initial Capital Contribution  based
on  the  fair  market value of the assets contributed  as  determined
after the closing.

2.2  Method of Making Initial Capital Contributions.

          (a)  FRK shall contribute its entire fee interest in the FRK
Property and  the FRK Brooksville Leasehold Interest to a newly formed,
wholly owned,  single member limited liability company organized  under
the Act ("FRK Newco"), which company shall also hold the fee interest
in the Rivenbark Property.

          (b)  FRP shall contribute its entire fee interest in the FRP
Property and  an amount equal to fifty percent (50%) of the costs incurred
by FRK  and  FRK  Newco  in  the acquisition of the  Rivenbark  Property
("Rivenbark  Acquisition Expenses") to a newly formed, wholly  owned,
single member limited liability company organized under the Act ("FRP
Newco").

          (c)  Following the transactions described in Sections 2.2(a)
and 2.2(b), FRK Newco shall be merged with and into FRP Newco in a merger
(the "Merger") in which FRP Newco is the surviving entity (the
"Surviving Entity"), pursuant to the Certificate and Plan of Merger
attached hereto as Exhibit A.  The Surviving Entity also is referred
to in this Agreement as the "Company."

          (d)  As a result of the Merger, (i) the Articles of Organization
of FRP Newco shall be amended to change the name of the Surviving Entity
to  Brooksville  Quarry, LLC, (ii) this Agreement  shall  become  the
Operating  Agreement  of  the Surviving  Entity,  (iii)  all  assets,
properties,  rights and privileges of FRK Newco and FRP  Newco  shall
become the assets, properties, rights and privileges of the Surviving
Entity,  (iv) the membership interests of FRK in FRK Newco  shall  be
converted into a 50% Membership Interest in the Surviving Entity, (v)
all  of  the membership interests of FRP in FRP Newco shall become  a
50%  Membership Interest in the Surviving Entity, and (vi) all of the
managers  and  officers of FRP Newco, if any, shall  be  removed  and
replaced by the Committee Members and officers designated pursuant to
this Agreement.

     2.3  Capital Accounts.  A single and separate Capital Account shall
be  established for each Member, which shall initially be set at zero
and to which amounts will thereafter be credited or debited from time
to time in accordance with the following provisions:

          (a)  Each Member's Capital Account shall be credited by (i) such
Member's  Initial  Capital  Contributions in  the  amount  determined
pursuant  to  Section  2.1,  (ii)  such  Members  additional  Capital
Contributions, (iii) the amount of Profits allocated to  such  Member
pursuant to Section 7.1 and any items in the nature of income or gain
specially allocated to such Member pursuant to Sections 7.2 and  7.3,
and (iv) the amount of any liabilities of the Company assumed by such
Member or secured by Property distributed to such Member.

(b)  Each Member's Capital Account shall be debited by (i) the
aggregate amount of money and the Gross Asset Value of any Property
distributed to such Member, (ii) the amount of Losses allocated to
such Member pursuant to Section 7.1 and any items in the nature of
expenses or losses specially allocated to such Member pursuant to
Sections 7.2 and 7.3, and (iii) the amount of any liabilities of such
Member assumed by the Company or secured by Property contributed by
such Member to the Company.

          (c)  In determining the amount of any liability for purposes of
Section  2.3(a) and 2.3(b) above, there shall be taken  into  account
the  provisions  of  Code  Section 752(c) and  any  other  applicable
provisions  of the Code and Treasury Regulations, including,  without
limitation, Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(c).

(d)  If all or any portion of a Member's Membership Interest is
transferred, the transferee shall succeed to the Capital  Account  of
the   assignor  or  transferor  to  the  extent  it  relates  to  the
transferred Membership Interest.

          (e)  The foregoing provisions and other provisions of this
Agreement relating to the determination and maintenance of Capital
Accounts are intended  to comply with Treasury Regulation Section
1.704-1(b),  and shall  be  interpreted and applied in a manner consistent
with  such Treasury  Regulation.  The Management Committee may modify or
adjust the  manner in which the Capital Accounts, or any items of debits
or credits  thereto, are computed in order to comply with such  Treasury
Regulation, provided that such modifications or adjustments  are  not
likely to have a material effect on the amounts distributable to  any
Member pursuant to Section 10.2 upon the dissolution of the Company.

     2.4  No Right to Interest on Capital Contributions or to Withdraw or
Withdraw  One's Capital Contributions.  Except as otherwise  provided
or  contemplated herein, no Member shall (a) be paid interest on  any
Capital Contributions, (b) have the right to resign, withdraw, or  be
repaid all or any part of that Member's Capital Contributions, or (c)
have  the  right to receive, as a Distribution or return of  capital,
any property of the Company other than cash or cash equivalents.   No
Member  shall  be  entitled  to any Distribution,  whether  upon  the
resignation  or  withdrawal  of  such  Member  from  the  Company  or
otherwise, except as expressly provided in this Agreement.

     2.5  Additional Capital Contributions or Loans.

          (a)  Funding Notices.   The Company's Management Committee may
determine  from  time  to time that the Company  requires  additional
funding from the Members in order to implement the Company's Business
Plan.   In such case, the Management Committee will cause the Company
to  give written notice (the "Funding Notice") to the Members stating
(i)  the  aggregate  amount of additional  funds  required  from  the
Members  (the  "Additional Funding Amount"), (ii) each  Member's  Pro
Rata  share  of  the  Additional Funding Amount,  (iii)  whether  the
Additional Funding Amount will be treated as Capital Contributions or
as  loans  from  the Members to the Company, (iv) if  the  Additional
Funding Amount will be treated as loans, the terms of the loans,  and
(v) the date or dates by which the Additional Funding Amount is to be
provided  by  the  Members  to  the  Company.   Notwithstanding   the
foregoing,  without  the  approval of  the  Members,  the  Management
Committee  shall not issue Funding Notices requiring the  Members  to
fund aggregate Additional Funding Amounts in excess of $2 million per
Member, exclusive of Initial Capital Contributions.

        (b)  Funding by Members.   Each of the Members shall be obligated
to fund  its  Pro  Rata  share  of  the  Additional  Funding  Amount  in
immediately  available  funds in accordance with  the  terms  of  the
Funding Notice.

        (c)  Failure to Fund.    If one Member (the "Funding Member")
funds its  Pro  Rata share of the Additional Funding Amount but  the
other Member (the "Defaulting Member") fails to fund its Pro Rata share
by the  date  specified  in the Funding Notice, the  Company  will  give
written notice of non-payment to the Defaulting Member with a copy to
the  Funding  Member (the "Non-Payment Notice").  If  the  Defaulting
Member  fails to cure such non-payment within thirty (30) days  after
receipt  of  the Non-Payment Notice (a "Funding Default"),  then  the
Funding  Member  may  elect  to fund the amount  not  funded  by  the
Defaulting  Member.  In such event, the amount funded by the  Funding
Member  on  behalf  of the Defaulting Member (the "Funding  Advance")
shall  be deemed to be a loan by the Funding Member to the Defaulting
Member,  repayable upon demand and bearing interest at  the  Interest
Rate.   In  addition, the Funding Default shall be  deemed  to  be  a
Triggering  Event  for purposes of Section 5.2.  Each  Member  hereby
acknowledges that the Membership Interests are issued subject to, and
hereby  affirms  the

grant, to the other Member of a  first  priority
security  interest  in,  such Member's Membership  Interest  for  the
purpose  of securing such Member's obligation to repay to  the  other
Member  any  Funding  Advances made by the other  Member  and  hereby
acknowledges that the other Member shall have all of the rights of  a
secured  party under the Uniform Commercial Code (the "UCC")  enacted
in  the state of Florida, including the right to bid for and purchase
such  Member's Membership Interest at any sale conducted pursuant  to
the UCC following such Member's default.

                              SECTION 3

                       ADDITIONAL TRANSACTIONS

     3.1  Rivenbark Property Acquisition Expenses.  Upon execution of
this Agreement, the Company shall reimburse to FRK fifty percent (50%)
of the Rivenbark Acquisition Expenses.

     3.2  Brooksville Mining.  Following the Merger, (i) FRK shall be
entitled to continue to conduct mining activities and to operate  its
calcium  products plant on the Brooksville Property (with respect  to
the  FRP  Property, on and subject to all of the same  terms  as  the
lease  between FRK and FRP existing prior to the Merger  (the  "Prior
Mining Lease") except as described herein); (ii) at such time as such
operations  physically interfere with development of the  Brooksville
Property, the mining activities and calcium products plant  shall  be
relocated at FRK's expense to the area known as the McCall  Pit  (167
acres in the Northwest corner of the Brooksville Property); (iii) FRK
will  be  permitted to operate at the McCall Pit  for  a  minimum  of
fifteen (15) years, subject to two five year renewal options at FRK's
option;  (iv) real estate taxes on the Brooksville Property  for  the
period  after the effective date of the Merger shall be paid  by  the
Company;  and  (v) to the extent FRK mines on the FRP  Property,  FRK
will  pay per ton royalties to the Company at the same rate as  under
the  Prior  Mining Lease, but without any obligation to  pay  minimum
royalties.   The Company shall distribute all such royalties  to  FRP
and  shall  specially allocate all such royalty income and associated
depletion deductions to FRP.

     3.3  Additional Property.  From time to time, based on analysis of
various  factors,  FRK  and FRP may decide to  contribute  additional
properties  to the Joint Venture for development.  Upon agreement  of
FRK   and   FRP,   such  additional  properties  (collectively,   the
"Additional  Property") shall be contributed to  the  Joint  Venture.
The Committee Members shall develop a development plan and a business
plan  for  any such Additional Property, and such Additional Property
shall  be  developed  and/or  sold  pursuant  to  the  terms  hereof.
Following contribution to the Joint Venture, such Additional Property
shall be deemed included within the term "Joint Venture Property."

                              SECTION 4

                             GOVERNANCE

     4.1  Management Committee.

        (a)  The Company shall be managed by a management committee (the
"Management Committee"), which shall be comprised of four individuals
(the "Committee Members") designated as provided in Section 4.2.  The
initial Committee Members, who shall serve until their successors are
selected, are listed on Schedule 4.1.

       (b)  Subject to the approval rights reserved to the Members (FRP
and FRK)  specified  in  Section 4.6 and any other limitations  expressly
contained  in  this  Agreement, the Management Committee  shall  have
exclusive  authority  and  full  discretion  with  respect   to   the
management of the Company.

4.2  Appointment and Tenure of the Committee Members.  The Committee
Members shall be appointed by the Members as follows:

          (a)  FRK shall have the sole right to appoint two (2) Committee
Members; and

          (b)  FRP shall have the sole right to appoint two (2) Committee
Members.

In  the  event  that  any Committee Member resigns,  is  removed,  or
otherwise  fails  to serve as a Committee Member, the  Member(s)  who
appointed such Committee Member, whether FRK or FRP, or FRK  and  FRP
jointly, shall be entitled to appoint a Committee Member to fill such
vacancy.  The Committee Member shall serve in such office until  such
Committee Member is removed in accordance with this Section  4.2,  or
until the earlier resignation or death of such Committee Member.  Any
Committee Member may be removed at any time with or without cause  by
the  Member that appointed that Committee Member, or, in the case  of
the jointly appointed Committee Member, by either Member.

     4.3  Meetings of the Management Committee.

          (a)  Each Committee Member shall have one vote.  The Management
Committee may act only by (i) majority vote of the Committee  Members
in attendance at a duly called meeting of the Management Committee at
which  a quorum is present in person or by proxy or (ii) by unanimous
written  consent of all of the Committee Members.  Committee  Members
may  grant their proxy to any other Committee Member to vote on their
behalf.

          (b)  The Management Committee shall elect a Chairman who shall
preside at meetings of the Management Committee.  The Chairman shall
establish and announce the schedule and location for regular meetings
of the Management Committee, which shall be no less frequently than
quarterly.  Regular meetings may be held as scheduled by the Chairman
without any additional notice of the time, place or purpose of the
meeting.
          (c)  The Management Committee may hold special meetings upon
the call of  any Committee Member.  Except as to a Committee Member who
waives notice  in writing (before or after a meeting), prior notice  of
the date,  time  and place of the meeting and the purpose for which  such
meeting  has been called shall be given to each Committee  Member  at
least  three  Business  Days  prior to  such  meeting.   A  Committee
Member's  attendance  at or participation in  a  meeting  waives  any
required  notice to such Committee Member of the meeting unless  such
Committee  Member, at the beginning of the meeting or  promptly  upon
arrival at the meeting, objects to holding the meeting or transacting
business at the meeting and does not thereafter vote for or assent to
action taken at the meeting.

          (d)  All of the Committee Members must be present, in person
or by proxy,  in order to establish a quorum at a meeting of the Management
Committee.

          (e)  Committee Members may participate in a meeting of the
Management Committee  by means of conference telephone or similar
communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in
the  meeting can hear each other, and such participation shall constitute
presence in person at such meeting.

     4.4   Business Plan.  The Management Committee shall prepare and
approve a Business Plan in advance for each Fiscal Year, which  shall
be  subject to the approval of the Members.  If at any time after the
Company's  first Fiscal Year the Members and Management Committee  do
not  approve  the Business Plan prior to the beginning  of  the  next
Fiscal Year, the previously approved Business Plan shall continue

to govern  (but  with  a  5%  increase in all  budgeted  amounts)  until
approval  by the Members and Management Committee of the new Business
Plan.

     4.5  Officers of the Company.

          (a)  The Company shall have such officers as may be designated
from time to time by the Management Committee, who shall, unless and until
removed  from office, act as agents of the Company, have such  powers
as  are  usually  exercised by comparably designated  officers  of  a
Florida  corporation and have the power to bind the  Company  through
the  exercise of such powers, subject to the limitations  imposed  by
this  Agreement  and any other limitations imposed by the  Management
Committee.  The  officers  shall operate  within  the  scope  of  the
approved Business Plan, and any material deviations from the approved
Business  Plan shall require prior approval of the Members  provided,
however,  that  deviations in individual line items of the  operating
and capital expense budgets shall not require prior approval from the
Members  provided that the overall deviations do not exceed  10%  for
the applicable Fiscal Year.  The Management Committee shall determine
the compensation, if any, for the officers appointed by it.

          (b)  The Management Committee shall designate which officers
are to report directly to it.

          (c)  The Management Committee may remove any officer at any
time with or  without  cause;  provided, however, that such removal
shall  not affect the rights of the Company or of such officer under
any written agreement  between the Company and such officer except in
accordance with the terms of such written agreement (if any).

          (d)  An officer may resign as an officer at any time by written
notice  to  the Management Committee.  The resignation  shall  become
effective  when  the  Company receives  the  notice  unless  a  later
effective date is specified in the notice.

          (e)  The officers of the Company shall not have the authority to
commence  any litigation on behalf of the Company without  the  prior
approval of the Management Committee.

     4.6  Approval Rights of FRP and FRK.  Notwithstanding anything in
this  Agreement to the contrary, the following actions by the Company
shall require the affirmative, unanimous vote of the Members:

          (a)  any capital calls in excess of the amount specified in
Section 2.5(a);

          (b)   the  selection  or  replacement  of  a  third  party
developer;

          (c)  Entry into any agreement with any Affiliate;

          (d)   The  adoption  of a plan of merger  or  consolidation
involving the Company;

          (e)  The sale, lease, exchange, pledge or other disposition
of a significant portion (greater than 20% in value) of the assets of
the Company in a single or series of related transactions;

          (f)   Any  transaction  causing the Company  to  incur  any
indebtedness  except to the extent authorized in  the  Business  Plan
approved by the Members;

(g)  The admission of any new Member or the creation of any
new class of Membership Interests;

          (h)   The amendment of the Articles of Organization of  the
Company or of this Agreement;

          (i)   Causing  the  Company  to  be  merged,  combined   or
consolidated with any other entity;

          (j)   Adopting overall financial policies for  the  Company
including,  without limitation, adopting or changing significant  tax
or  accounting  principles or policies except as  authorized  in  the
Business Plan approved by the Members;

          (k)    Assuming,  guaranteeing,  endorsing   or   otherwise
becoming  liable  for the obligations of any other Person  except  as
authorized in the Business Plan approved by the Members;

          (l)  Dissolving the Company; and

          (m)   Declaring  bankruptcy  of  the  Company,  making   an
assignment  for the benefit of its creditors, seeking the appointment
of a trustee, receiver or liquidator of the assets of the Company, or
any similar action.

      For  purposes of this Agreement, any matter that  requires  the
affirmative  vote  of  the Members shall be  deemed  to  require  the
affirmative vote of all of the Members (i.e. both FRK and FRP).

     4.7  Other Activities of Members and Committee Members.  The Members
and  the Committee Members currently may be engaged in other business
ventures  which  are  similar  to the  anticipated  business  of  the
Company.   Unless otherwise prohibited or restricted by any  separate
agreement,  the conduct of such ventures by any Member  or  Committee
Member  or  the  commencement of business  ventures  similar  to  the
business of the Company by any Member or Committee Member at a  later
time  shall  not constitute a breach of the duty of loyalty  owed  by
such  Member or Committee Member to the Company or its Members  under
the  Act.   Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to  create  any
right in any Member to participate in any other business ventures  of
the other Members.

     4.8  Salaries of Committee Members.  Each Committee Member shall
receive compensation as may be determined by the Members from time to
time  and  shall  be  entitled  to reimbursement  of  reasonable  and
necessary business expenses advanced on behalf of the Company.

                              SECTION 5

                     BUYOUT EVENTS AND TRANSFERS

     5.1  Put and Call Buy-Sell.

       (a)  Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, any Eligible Member
(the  "Offeror") may elect, within the 120 day period  following  the
occurrence  of  the  Triggering Event, to give  written  notice  (the
"Buy/Sell Notice") to the other Member (the "Offeree") designating  a
buy/sell  price (the "Buy/Sell Price") and payment terms and  stating
that  the Buy/Sell Notice is delivered pursuant to this Section  5.1.
The Buy/Sell Notice shall constitute both (i) an offer by the Offeror
to  sell the Offeror's Membership Interest to Offeree at the Buy/Sell
Price,  and  (ii)  an  offer  by the Offeror  to  buy  the  Offeree's
Membership  Interest at the Buy/Sell Price (in each  case,  free  and
clear of all liens

and encumbrances on such Membership Interest).

      (b)  The Buy/Sell Notice shall be irrevocable for a period of thirty
(30) days following the date of the Buy/Sell Notice (the "Irrevocable
Period"),  and  the Offeree may, by written notice to Offeror  during
such  Irrevocable Period, either accept the Offeror's offer to  sell,
or  accept the Offeror's offer to buy (but may not accept both),  and
upon  acceptance, the Offeror and the Offeree shall  be  required  to
sell  or  to buy, as applicable.  After receipt of a proper  Buy/Sell
Notice, no other Buy/Sell Notice may be issued by either Member.

      (c)  If the Offeree fails to accept either offer within the
Irrevocable Period, the Offeree shall be deemed to have accepted  the
Offeror's offer to buy the Offeree's Membership Interests to  Offeror
at the Buy/Sell Price.

      (d)  Unless otherwise agreed by Offeror and Offeree, the closing of
such  purchase and sale pursuant to this Section 5.1 shall take place
at  the  principal  office  of the Company  on  the  fortieth  (40th)
business  day  after  the end of the Irrevocable  Period.   All  such
closing,  the  Member  required to buy  (the  "Buy/Sell  Buyer")  the
Membership Interest of the other Member (the "Buy/Sell Seller") shall
pay  the Buy/Sell Price to the Buy/Sell Seller in accordance with the
terms of the Buy/Sell Notice. At such closing, the Buy/Sell Buyer (i)
shall  cause the Company to pay any indebtedness owed by the  Company
to the Buy/Sell Seller and (ii) shall cause the Buy/Sell Seller to be
released from liability under any guarantees executed by the Buy/Sell
Seller  of the Company's indebtedness. The Buy/Sell Seller  shall  be
obligated to deliver to Buy/Sell Buyer a properly executed assignment
of  its  entire Membership Interest, free and clear of all liens  and
encumbrances on such Membership Interest, but if the Buy/Sell  Seller
fails  to  do  so the Buy/Sell Buyer may execute such  assignment  on
behalf  of  the  Buy/Sell Seller pursuant to the  power  of  attorney
described in Section 5.3 below.

     5.2  Right of First Refusal.

          (a)  FRK may Transfer its Membership Interest at any time to
a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of FRK, and FRP may transfer
its Membership Interest at any time to a wholly-owned direct or  indirect
subsidiary  of  Patriot, and in either case the subsidiary  shall  be
admitted  as a Member of the Company (any transfer pursuant  to  this
sentence as referred to as a "Permitted Transfer").  All Transfers by
a  Member  other  than pursuant to Sections 5.1, 5.2 or  this  5.3(a)
shall require compliance with this Section 5.3.

          (b)  Prior to making any Transfer of any portion of its Membership
Interest other than a Permitted Transfer, the Member desiring to make
the Transfer (for purposes of this Section 5.3, the "Selling Member")
shall  give written notice (the "First Refusal Notice") to the  other
Member  (the  "Non-Selling Member").  The First Refusal Notice  shall
contain a full description of the purchase price (including the  cash
equivalent value of any property to be received by the Selling Member
in  the  Transfer)  and  the  terms and conditions  of  the  proposed
disposition (including the identity of the proposed transferee).  The
First  Refusal Notice shall constitute an offer by the Selling Member
to sell all, but not less than all, of its Membership Interest to the
Non-Selling  Member in accordance with the terms  set  forth  in  the
First Refusal Notice and the other provisions hereof.

          (c)  The Non-Selling Member shall have the right to purchase
all, but not  less  than all, of such Selling Member's Membership Interest
in the  Company  by giving written notice to the Selling Member  at  any
time  before  the expiration of thirty (30) days after the  date  the
First  Refusal  Notice  is  received  (the  "First  Refusal  Exercise
Period").  Such notice of acceptance must specify a closing date  for
the  purchase,  which date shall be not later than  sixty  (60)  days
after the date notice of acceptance is given.

(d)  If the Non-Selling Member does not agree to purchase all of
the Membership Interests offered by the Selling Member prior to  the  end
of  the  First  Refusal Exercise Period, the Selling  Member,  for  a
period  of sixty (60) days immediately thereafter, shall be  entitled
to  sell all of its Membership Interest to the third party designated
in  the First Refusal Notice on terms not more favorable to the buyer
than  to  those  set  forth  in the First Refusal  Notice;  provided,
however, that any the purchaser shall not be admitted as a Member  of
the  Company  until  the  purchaser executes a  counterpart  of  this
Agreement  agreeing to be bound by all of the terms of this Agreement
and  to  comply  with  all  of the requirements  imposed  on  Members
hereunder.

      (e)  The purchase price of any Membership Interest in the Company
transferred  pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid at the  closing
in  immediately  available funds (or in accordance with  other  terms
specified  in  the  First  Refusal Notice)  against  delivery  of  as
assignment of the Selling Member's Membership Interest free and clear
of all pledges, liens, and encumbrances.

     5.3  Power of Attorney.  Each Member hereby irrevocably designates
and appoints the  purchasing Member as such Member's lawful attorney-
in-fact  to  execute any documents and to take whatever  actions  are
necessary to transfer ownership of such Member's Membership  Interest
upon  the  books  of the Company upon the purchase of  such  Member's
Membership  Interest  pursuant to Sections  5.1  or  5.2  hereof,  as
applicable.  Any transfer of such Membership Interest on the books of
the  Company  pursuant to this provision shall be  deemed  to  be  an
effective  transfer  of  the Membership Interest  provided  that  the
purchasing Member has tendered the purchase price to the other Member
in accordance with Sections 5.1 or 5.2, as applicable.

                              SECTION 6

                            DISTRIBUTIONS

     6.1  General.  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, the
Company shall make Distributions to the Members at such times and  in
such  amounts as the Management Committee may determine from time  to
time.  All Distributions to Members shall be made to the Members  Pro
Rata in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests, except
as provided in Sections 6.2 and 10.2 hereof

     6.2  Liquidating Distributions.  Upon the dissolution and winding up
of  the Company, the provisions relating to Distributions provided in
Section 10.2 rather than this Section 6 shall apply.

     6.3  Limitations on Distributions.  Notwithstanding any provision to
the  contrary contained in this Agreement, the Company shall  not  be
required  to  make a Distribution to the extent any such distribution
would violate the Act or other applicable law.

     6.4  Return of Capital.  Except as expressly required by the Act, no
Member  shall be required to return to the Company, or be liable  for
the amount of, any Distribution received from the Company.

                              SECTION 7

                             ALLOCATIONS

     7.1  Allocations of Profits and Losses Among the Members.  After
giving  effect to the special allocations set forth in Sections  3.2,
7.2  and  7.3,  the  Company shall allocate its  Profits  and  Losses
between  the  Members  Pro  Rata  in  accordance  with  the  Members'
respective Percentage Interests.

7.2  Special Allocations.  The following special allocations shall be
made in the following order:

          (a)  Company Minimum Gain Chargeback.  Except as otherwise
provided in  Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(f), notwithstanding
any other provision  of this Section 7, if there is a net decrease  in
Company Minimum Gain during any Company Allocation Year, each Member
shall be specially  allocated  items  of Company  income  and  gain  for
such Allocation Year (and, if necessary, subsequent Allocation  Years)  in
an amount equal to such Member's share of the net decrease in Company
Minimum  Gain,  determined  in accordance  with  Treasury  Regulation
Section  1.704-2(g).  Allocations pursuant to the  previous  sentence
shall be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to  be
allocated  to  each  Member pursuant thereto.  The  items  to  be  so
allocated shall be determined in accordance with Treasury Regulations
Sections  1.704-2(f)(6)  and 1.704-2(j)(2). This  Section  7.2(a)  is
intended  to  comply with the minimum gain chargeback requirement  in
Treasury  Regulation  Section 1.704-2(f)  and  shall  be  interpreted
consistently therewith.

          (b)  Member Minimum Gain Chargeback.  Except as otherwise
provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-1(i)(4), notwithstanding
any  other provision  of  this Section 7, if there is a net decrease
in  Member Nonrecourse  Debt  Minimum Gain attributable to a Member
Nonrecourse Debt  during any Company Allocation Year, each Member who
has a share of  the  Member  Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable
to  such Member  Nonrecourse  Debt,  determined in  accordance  with
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(5), shall be specially allocated
items of  Company  income  and  gain  for such  Allocation  Year  (and, if
necessary,  subsequent Allocation Years) in an amount equal  to  such
Member's share of the net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum
Gain  attributable  to such Member Nonrecourse  Debt,  determined  in
accordance    with   Treasury   Regulation   Section   1.704-2(i)(4).
Allocations  pursuant  to  the previous sentence  shall  be  made  in
proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each
Member  pursuant  thereto.  The items to be  so  allocated  shall  be
determined   in   accordance  with  Treasury   Regulations   Sections
1.704-2(i)(4) and 1.704-2(j)(2). This Section 7.2(b) is  intended  to
comply  with  the  minimum  gain chargeback requirement  in  Treasury
Regulation   Section   1.704-2(i)(4)   and   shall   be   interpreted
consistently therewith.

          (c)  Qualified Income Offset. In the event any Member unexpectedly
receives any adjustments, allocations, or distributions described  in
Treasury  Regulation Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),  (5),  or  (6),
items of Company income and gain shall be specially allocated to each
such  Member in an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate, to  the
extent  required  by the Treasury Regulations, such Member's  Capital
Account  Deficit as quickly as possible, provided that an  allocation
pursuant  to  this Section 7.3(c) shall be made if and  only  to  the
extent that the Member would have a Capital Account Deficit after all
other   allocations  provided  for  in  this  Section  7  have   been
tentatively made as if this Section 7.3(c) were not in the Agreement.
This  Section 7.2(c) is intended to comply with the "qualified income
offset"      provision     in     Treasury     Regulation     Section
1.704-1(i)(b)(2)(ii)(d)   and  shall  be   interpreted   consistently
therewith.

          (d)  Nonrecourse Deductions.  Nonrecourse Deductions for any
Allocation  Year shall be specially allocated among the  Members  Pro
Rata in accordance with their respective Percentage Interests.

          (e)  Member Nonrecourse Deductions. Any Member Nonrecourse
Deductions for  any  Allocation Year shall be specially allocated to the
Member who  bears  the  economic risk of loss with  respect  to  the  Member
Nonrecourse  Debt  to  which such Member Nonrecourse  Deductions  are
attributable   in   accordance  with  Treasury  Regulations   Section
1.704-2(i)(1).

(f)  Code Section 754 Adjustment. To the extent an adjustment
to the adjusted tax basis of any Company asset pursuant to Section 734(b)
or Section  743(b)  of  the  Code  is  required,  pursuant  to  Treasury
Regulation     Section     1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2)     or     Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4),  to  be taken into  account  in  determining
Capital  Accounts  as the result of a distribution  to  a  Member  in
complete  liquidation of his interest in the Company, the  amount  of
such  adjustment to the Capital Accounts shall be treated as an  item
of  gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss
(if  the adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall
be  specially  allocated  to the Members  in  accordance  with  their
interests  in  the  Company in the event Treasury Regulation  Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2)  applies, or  to  the  Member  to  whom  such
distribution  was  made  in  the event  Treasury  Regulation  Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.

     7.3  Curative Allocations. The allocations set forth in Sections
7.2(a),  7.2(b), 7.2(c), 7.2(d), 7.2(e), and 7.2(f) (the  "Regulatory
Allocations") are intended to comply with certain requirements of the
Treasury  Regulations. It is the intent of the Members that,  to  the
extent  possible, all Regulatory Allocations shall be  offset  either
with  other  Regulatory  Allocations or with special  allocations  of
other  items of Company income, gain, loss, or deduction pursuant  to
this Section 7.3.  Therefore, notwithstanding any other provision  of
this   Section  7  (other  than  the  Regulatory  Allocations),   the
Management  Committee shall make such offsetting special  allocations
of  Company  income, gain, loss, or deduction in whatever  manner  it
determines appropriate so that, after such offsetting allocations are
made,  each  Member's  Capital Account  balance  is,  to  the  extent
possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such Member would have
had  if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of the Agreement and
all  Company  items  were  allocated pursuant  to  Section  7.1.   In
exercising  its  discretion under this Section  7.3,  the  Management
Committee  shall  take  into  account future  Regulatory  Allocations
contained in Sections 7.2(a) and 7.2(b) that, although not yet  made,
are  likely  to  offset other Regulatory Allocations previously  made
under Sections 7.2(d) and 7.2(e).

     7.4  Other Allocation Rules.

          (a)  Profits, Losses, and any other items of income, gain, loss, or
deduction shall be allocated to the Members pursuant to this  Section
7  as  of  the  last day of each Fiscal Year, provided that  Profits,
Losses, and such other items shall also be allocated at such times as
the  Gross  Asset Values of Company assets are adjusted  pursuant  to
subparagraph  (ii)  of  the  definition of  "Gross  Asset  Value"  in
Schedule 1.

          (b)  The Members are aware of the income tax consequences of the
allocations  made by this Section 7 and hereby agree to be  bound  by
the provisions of this Section 7 in reporting their shares of Company
income and loss for income tax purposes.

          (c)  For purposes of determining the Profits, Losses, or any other
items  allocable to any period, Profits, Losses, and any  such  other
items  shall  be determined on a daily, monthly, or other  basis,  as
determined  by the Management Committee using any permissible  method
under   Section  706  of  the  Code  and  the  Treasury   Regulations
thereunder.

          (d)  Solely for purposes of determining a Member's proportionate
share  of the "excess nonrecourse liabilities" of the Company, within
the   meaning  of  Treasury  Regulation  Section  1.752-3(a)(3),  the
Members'  interests  in Company profits are in  proportion  to  their
Percentage Interests.

7.5  Section 704(c) Allocations.

          (a)  Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7.5, each
item of income,  gain,  loss and deduction of the Company for federal
income tax  purposes shall be allocated among the Members in the same
manner as such items are allocated for book purposes under this Section 7.

          (b)  In accordance with Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury
Regulations  thereunder,  income,  gain,  loss,  and  deduction  with
respect  to  any property contributed to the capital of  the  Company
shall, solely for tax purposes, be allocated among the Members so  as
to  take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of  such
property  to  the  Company for federal income tax  purposes  and  its
initial  Gross Asset Value (computed in accordance with  subparagraph
(a) of the definition of "Gross Asset Value" in Schedule 1).

          (c)  Any elections or other decisions relating to such allocations
shall  be  made  by  the  Management Committee  in  any  manner  that
reasonably  reflects  the purpose and intention  of  this  Agreement,
provided  that  the  Company shall elect to apply  the  "traditional"
allocation  method described in  Treasury Regulation  Section  1.704-
3(b)  (or  any successor Treasury Regulation), and provided, further,
that  any  items  of  loss  or  deduction  attributable  to  property
contributed  by a Member shall, to the extent of an amount  equal  to
the  excess  of (A) the federal income tax basis of such property  at
the  time of its contribution over (B) the Gross Asset Value of  such
property  at  such  time, be allocated in its entirety  to  the  such
contributing  Member and the tax basis of such property for  purposes
of  computing the amounts of all items allocated to any other  Member
(including a transferee of the contributing Member) shall be equal to
its   Gross  Asset  Value  upon  its  contribution  to  the  Company.
Allocations  pursuant to this Section 7.5(d) are solely for  purposes
of  federal, state, and local taxes and shall not affect, or  in  any
way  be taken into account in computing, any Member's Capital Account
or  share  of Profits, Losses, other items, or distributions pursuant
to any provisions of this Agreement.

          (d)  Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items of
Company income, gain, loss, deduction, and any other allocations  not
otherwise provided for shall be divided among the Members in the same
proportions as they share Profits or Losses, as the case may be,  for
the Allocation Year.

                              SECTION 8

                    FEDERAL AND STATE TAX MATTERS

     8.1  Tax Year and Accounting Matters.  The fiscal year of the Company
(the "Fiscal Year") shall begin on October 1 and end on September  30
of the following calendar year.  The Company shall adopt such methods
of  accounting and file its tax returns on the methods of  accounting
determined by the Management Committee.

     8.2  Tax Elections.

          (a)  The Members agree that the Company shall be classified as a
"partnership"  for  income tax purposes,  and  the  Members  and  the
Management  Committee  shall take any and  all  action  necessary  to
effectuate partnership tax treatment.

          (b)  The Management Committee is authorized to make any and all
elections  for  federal,  state, and local  tax  purposes  including,
without limitation, any election, if permitted by

applicable law: (i)
to  make  the election provided for a 6231(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the  Code;
and  (ii)  to adjust the basis of Company assets pursuant to Sections
754, 734(b), and 743(b) of the Code (or any comparable provisions  of
state  or  local  law)  in  connection with Transfers  of  Membership
Interests and Company distributions.

(c)  In connection with any Transfer of a Membership Interest, the
Management Committee shall cause the Company, at the written request
of the transferor or the transferee and at the time and in the manner
provided in Treasury Regulation Section 1.754-1(b), to make an
election to adjust the basis of the Company's assets in the manner
provided in Sections 734(b) and 743(b) of the Code and the transferee
shall pay all costs incurred by the Company in connection therewith,
including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' and accountants'
fees.
     8.3  Tax Matters Partner.  FRK shall be the "Tax Matters Partner" of
the  Company, as that term is used in Subchapter C of Chapter  63  of
Subtitle F of the Code, and the Members will take such actions as may
be necessary, appropriate, or convenient to effect the designation of
FRK  as such Tax Matters Partner.  Subject to any limitations imposed
by  the Management Committee the Tax Matters Partner shall have  full
and unlimited discretion (acting in a fiduciary capacity on behalf of
the  Company) to perform or to fail to perform any actions or to make
any  decisions  which under the Code may be made  by  a  Tax  Matters
Partner;  provided, however, that the Tax Matters Partner shall  keep
the  Management Committee reasonably informed as to any such actions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Tax Matters Partner  shall  obtain
the  consent  of  the  Members prior to (i)  filing  a  petition  for
judicial  review of a proposed tax assessment, (ii) filing a petition
for   an  administrative  adjustment,  or  (iii)  entering  into  any
settlement  agreement  with  a  taxing  authority  that  would  bind,
directly or indirectly, any other Member.

                              SECTION 9

                           INDEMNIFICATION

     9.1  Indemnification.  Subject to the limitations imposed by the Act
or  otherwise  imposed by law, the Company shall indemnify  and  hold
harmless  each Person ("Indemnified Person") who was  or  is  made  a
party  (or  is  threatened  to be made a party)  to  any  threatened,
pending  or  completed  action, suit or  proceeding,  whether  civil,
criminal, administrative, arbitrative or investigative ("Proceeding")
by  reason  of  the fact that such Indemnified Person  is  or  was  a
Member, Committee Member or officer of the Company against judgments,
penalties,  fines,  settlements  and reasonable  costs  and  expenses
(including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) actually incurred by
such  Indemnified Person in connection with such Proceeding  if  such
Indemnified Person acted in good faith and in a manner he, she, or it
reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, the best interest of
the  Company  and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding,
had  no  reasonable  cause to believe his, her, or  its  conduct  was
unlawful.  The  Company  shall make an indemnification  only  upon  a
determination  by  the  Management  Committee  or  the  Members  that
indemnification is proper. The Company shall not be  liable  to  make
any  payment of amounts otherwise indemnifiable hereunder if  and  to
the  extent  that Indemnified Person has received such payment  under
any insurance policy maintained by the Company.

     9.2  Advances.  The Company may pay or reimburse the Indemnified
Person  for the reasonable expenses incurred in advance of the  final
disposition of the Proceeding and without any determination as to the
Indemnified   Person's  ultimate  entitlement   to   indemnification;
provided,  however,  that the payment of such  expenses  incurred  in
advance  of the final disposition of a Proceeding shall be made  only
upon  delivery  to  the  Company of a  written  affirmation  by  such
Indemnified  Person of his, her, or its good faith  belief  that  he,
she,   or   it  has  met  the  standard  of  conduct  necessary   for

indemnification hereunder and a written undertaking, by or on  behalf
of  such Indemnified Person, to repay all amounts so advanced  if  it
shall  ultimately be determined that such Indemnified Person  is  not
entitled to be indemnified under the provisions hereof.

                            SECTION 10

DISSOLUTION OF THE COMPANY

     10.1 Events of Dissolution.  The Company shall be dissolved and its
affairs  wound  up  upon the first to occur of the  following  events
("Dissolution Event"):

          (a)  The written consent of all the Members; or

          (b)  The entry of an order of dissolution by a court of competent
jurisdiction in accordance with the Act.

     10.2 Liquidating Distributions.  Upon the occurrence of a Dissolution
Event,  the Company shall continue solely for the purposes of winding
up  its  affairs  in an orderly manner, liquidating  its  assets  and
satisfying  the claims of its creditors and the Members.  Under  such
circumstances,  the Management Committee shall not  take  any  action
that  is inconsistent with, or not necessary or appropriate for,  the
winding  up of the Company's affairs.  To the extent not inconsistent
with  the  foregoing, all covenants and obligations in this Agreement
shall  remain in full force and effect until such time as all of  the
Company's  assets have been Distributed or otherwise applied  in  the
manner  provided in this Section 10.2.  The Management Committee  (or
liquidator,  as  the  case may be) shall take  full  account  of  the
Company's  liabilities and assets, cause the Company's assets  to  be
liquidated  as promptly as is consistent with obtaining a fair  value
therefor,  and  cause the proceeds therefrom, after  payment  of  all
costs  and expenses of liquidation, to be applied and Distributed  in
the following order and priority:

          (a)  First, to creditors of the Company, including Members who are
creditors,  to  the  extent  permitted  by  law  in  satisfaction  of
liabilities  of  the Company, whether by payment or establishment  of
reserves;

          (b)  Second, to the Members, in accordance with positive Capital
Account balances (taking into account all contributions, adjustments,
and allocations made during the year in which the liquidation occurs,
including, without limitation, those specified in Section  7  hereof)
by  the  later of the close of the Fiscal Year of liquidation of  the
Member's interest or within ninety (90) days after liquidation.

                             SECTION 11

                      MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

     11.1  Representations  and Warranties of Members.   Each  Member
represents  and warrants to the Company and to each other  Member  as
follows:

          (a)  Such Member is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the state of Florida.

(b)  Such Member has the requisite corporate or similar power and
full authority and capacity to enter into this Agreement and to incur
and perform its obligations under this Agreement.

(c)  The execution, delivery, and performance by the Member of this
Agreement has been authorized by all necessary corporate action.
          (d)  Upon the execution and delivery of this Agreement, this
Agreement shall constitute a legal, valid, and binding obligation  of
such  Member, enforceable against such Member in accordance with  its
terms.

     11.2  Amendment.   This Agreement may not be amended,  modified,
altered,  or  changed in any respect whatsoever except in  a  written
instrument duly executed by all of the Members.

     11.3 Construction.  Whenever the context may require, any noun or
pronoun  used  herein  shall  include  the  corresponding  masculine,
feminine, or neuter forms. The singular form of nouns, pronouns,  and
verbs shall include the plural and vice versa.

     11.4  Severability.  Each provision of this Agreement  shall  be
considered  severable  and  if  for  any  reason  any  provision   or
provisions  hereof  are  determined to be  invalid  and  contrary  to
existing  or  future  law,  such  invalidity  shall  not  impair  the
operation  of  or affect those portions of this Agreement  which  are
valid,  and this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect  and
shall be construed and enforced in all respects as if such invalid or
unenforceable provision or provisions had been omitted.

     11.5  Burden  and Benefit Upon Successors.  Except as  expressly
otherwise provided herein, this Agreement is binding upon, and inures
to  the  benefit  of, the parties hereto and their respective  heirs,
executors,   administrators,  personal  and  legal   representatives,
successors, and assigns.

     11.6 Further Assurances.  Each Member hereby agrees that it shall
hereafter  execute and deliver such further instruments, provide  all
information, and take or forbear such further acts and things as  may
be  reasonably required or useful to carry out the intent and purpose
of this Agreement and as are not inconsistent with the terms hereof.

     11.7  Notices.  All notices required or permitted  to  be  given
hereunder  shall  be  in writing and shall be either  hand-delivered,
sent  by recognized overnight delivery service, by facsimile,  or  by
U.S. mail (registered or certified, return receipt requested) to  the
Members  or  the Company (as applicable) at the addresses  set  forth
below, or to such other address as any Member may designate by giving
written notice to the Company in accordance with this Section 11.7:

          Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
          Attn: John D. Baker II
          155 E. 21st Street
          Jacksonville, Florida 32206
          Facsimile No. (904) 355-0817

          Florida Rock Properties, Inc.
          Attn: John E. Anderson
          1801 Art Museum Drive
          Jacksonville, Florida 32207
          Facsimile No. (904) 396-2715

   Notices shall be deemed to be effective upon actual receipt by the
addressee.

     11.8 Waiver.  No consent or waiver, express or implied, by any Party
hereto  to  or of any breach or default by any other Party hereto  in
the  performance  of  its obligations hereunder shall  be

deemed  or
construed  to  be  a consent or waiver to or of any other  breach  or
default  in  the performance by such Party of the same or  any  other
obligations  of  such Party hereunder.  Failure on the  part  of  any
Party to complain of any act or failure to act of another Party or to
declare  another  Party in default, irrespective  of  how  long  such
failure continues, shall not constitute a waiver by such Party of its
rights hereunder.

     11.9 Company Property.  All legal title to Company property shall be
held in the name of the Company.

     11.10     Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number
of  counterparts,  including by facsimile or other electronic  means,
each  of which shall be an original, but all of which together  shall
constitute one instrument.  Each counterpart may consist of a  number
of  copies each signed by less than all, but together signed by  all,
the Parties hereto.

     11.11     No Third Party Beneficiary.  This Agreement constitutes an
agreement  among  the  Parties hereto, and none  of  the  agreements,
covenants, representations, or warranties contained herein is for the
benefit  of  any third party not a Party to this Agreement.   Without
limiting  the generality of the foregoing, none of the provisions  of
this  Agreement  shall  be  for  the benefit  of  or  enforceable  by
creditors of the Company.

     11.12     Governing Law.  This Agreement and all questions  with
respect   to   the  rights  and  obligations  of  the  Members,   the
construction,  enforcement,  and  interpretation  hereof,   and   the
formation, administration, and dissolution of the Company,  shall  be
governed  by the provisions of the Act and other applicable  laws  of
the State of Florida.

     11.13     Survival.  All representations and warranties made by each
Member shall be deemed to survive indefinitely.

     11.14     Counsel Fees.  If any Party finds it necessary to retain
counsel to enforce this Agreement, the substantially prevailing party
in  a  dispute shall be entitled to its reasonable counsel  fees  and
costs joint and severally from the other parties to such dispute.

     11.15     Entire Agreement.  This Agreement, including the exhibits
or  other  documents  or  schedules attached hereto  or  incorporated
herein  by reference, constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties
with  respect its subject matter. This Agreement supersedes all prior
agreements  and oral understandings between the Members with  respect
to such matters.

     11.16     No Agency Relationship.  The Members acknowledge and agree
that  there  is  no agency relationship between them, that  a  Member
shall have no agency or vicarious liability for the acts or omissions
of  another Member, and that the Company shall not be construed as  a
partnership  for  any  purpose  other  than  federal  and  state  tax
purposes.

     11.17     Dispute Resolution.

          (a)  In the event of a Deadlock, the Members will make diligent, good
faith  attempts  to resolve the Deadlock.  No Member  may  deliver  a
Buy/Sell Notice under Section 5.1(a) based solely upon the occurrence
of a Deadlock unless the chief executive officer of such Member first
(i)  delivers  a letter to the chief executive officer of  the  other
Member explaining in reasonable detail the nature of the Deadlock and
the  basis  for  the Member's position on the issue in dispute,  (ii)
offers in such letter to meet with the chief executive officer of the
other  Member at a mutually convenient time and location

within  ten
(10)  days  after the date of the letter to attempt  to  resolve  the
dispute,  and (iii) if such other chief executive officer  agrees  to
such a meeting, meets in an effort to resolve the disputed issue.  If
those  officers  cannot  resolve  the  Deadlock  within  thirty  (30)
calendar  days  after the date of such letter, the  Member  following
such procedure may deliver a Buy/Sell Notice.

(b)  Any other dispute regarding this Agreement shall be resolved by
binding arbitration before one arbitrator selected by mutual
agreement of the Members.  If the Members are unable to agree on a
single arbitrator, the arbitrator shall be appointed by the American
Arbitration Association in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
Rules.  The arbitrator will hold a hearing within 60 days following
his/her designation, and will render a resolution of the matter
submitted within 30 days after the hearing.  The Members will conduct
the arbitration pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association or such other additional procedures
agreed to by the Members; provided, however, that the Members will
have the right to engage in reasonable discovery of documents
involved in the dispute.  The Members will hold all arbitration
hearings in Jacksonville, Florida.

                        *    *    *    *    *

            [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK.
              SIGNATURES APPEAR ON THE FOLLOWING PAGE.]

IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  the  parties hereto  have  executed  this
Agreement as of the date first above written.

FLORIDA ROCK PROPERTIES, INC., a   FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC., a
Florida corporation                Florida corporation

By: ___________________________    By:___________________________
Print Name: ___________________    Print Name:___________________
Title:_________________________    Title:________________________

SCHEDULE 1

                             DEFINITIONS

     Act  shall  mean  the  Florida Limited  Liability  Company  Act,
Florida  Statutes  608.401 et seq. as amended from time to  time,  or
any corresponding provision or provisions of succeeding law.

     Additional  Funding  Amount shall have the meaning  ascribed  to
such term in Section 2.5(a).

     Adjusted  Capital  Account  Deficit means,  with  respect  to  a
Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member's Capital Account
as  of the end of the applicable Fiscal Year, after giving effect  to
the following adjustments.

           (a)   Crediting  to such Capital Account any  amounts  (i)
described in section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(c) of the Treasury Regulations
which  such Member is obligated to contribute to the Company pursuant
to  this  Agreement or applicable law or (ii) which  such  Member  is
deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the penultimate sentences  of
Treasury Regulations Sections 1.704-2(g)(1) or 1.704-2(i)(5); and

           (b)   Debiting to such Capital Account the items described
in  Sections  1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),  1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5),  and
1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the Treasury Regulations.

     The foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit, is
intended  to  comply with the allocation rules of the alternate  test
for  economic effect contained in Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the
Treasury  Regulations and shall be interpreted in a  manner  that  is
consistent with such intent.

     Affiliate, with respect to any specified Person, shall mean  (i)
any Person directly or indirectly Controlling or under common Control
with  the  specified  Person;  (ii) any director,  officer,  partner,
member,  or  trustee  of  the  specified  Person;  (iii)  any  Person
directly,  indirectly, or beneficially owning or controlling  50%  or
more  of  any  class of voting interest of the specified Person;  and
(iv)  any  ancestor,  spouse, or family member (parent,  sibling,  or
descendant),  whether by blood or marriage, of the specified  Person,
or any trust for the primary benefit of such persons.

     Agreement  shall  mean  this  Joint Venture  Agreement  and  all
annexes,  schedules  and exhibits attached hereto  and  made  a  part
hereof,  originally  executed and as amended from  time  to  time  in
writing.

     Bankruptcy means:

          (a)  The entry of an order for relief with respect to a Member in
proceedings under the Bankruptcy Code.

          (b)  The filing of an application by a Member for, or its consent to,
the appointment of a trustee, receiver, or custodian of its assets;

          (c)  The making by a Member of a general assignment for the benefit
of creditors;

          (d)  The entry of an order, judgment or decree by any court of
competent jurisdiction appointing a trustee, receiver or custodian of
the  assets  of  a  Member  unless the  proceedings  and  the  person
appointed are dismissed within ninety (90) days;

(e)  The failure by a Member generally to pay its debts as the debts
become  due within the meaning of section 303(h)(1) of the Bankruptcy
Code, or a Member's admission in writing of its inability to pay  its
debts as they become due; or

          (f)  A Member's Membership Interest's becoming subject to the
enforcement of any rights of a creditor of a Member, whether  arising
out of an attempted charge upon that Member's Membership Interest  by
judicial process or otherwise, if that Member fails to effectuate the
release  of  those  enforcement rights,  whether  by  legal  process,
bonding, or otherwise, within ninety (90) days after actual notice of
that creditor's action.

     Bankruptcy  Code  means the United States  Bankruptcy  Code,  as
amended or superseded from time to time.

       Brooksville Property shall have the meaning ascribed  to  such
term in page 1.

     Business Plan means the operating and capital expense budget and
business plan of the Company for each Fiscal Year, including, without
limitation,  (i)  the development plan for the Brooksville  Property,
(ii)  a  projected annual income statement, (iii) a projected balance
sheet  as of the end of the Fiscal Year, (iv) a schedule of projected
operating  cash  flow  (including  itemized  operating  revenues  and
Project  costs and expenses) for such Fiscal Year, (v) a  development
schedule  identifying projected development periods as well as  times
for  completion  of  the  various stages of  the  Project  and  costs
attributable  to  each  stage,  (vi) a description  of  any  proposed
construction and capital expenditures, including projected dates  for
commencement and completion of the foregoing, (vii) a marketing plan,
and  (ix)  a  detailed description of such other information,  plans,
maps,  contracts, agreements, or other matters necessary in order  to
inform  the  Members  of  all matters relevant  to  the  development,
operation, management and sale of the Project or any portion thereof.

     Buy/Sell Buyer shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term  in
Section 5.1.

     Buy/Sell Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 5.1.

     Buy/Sell Price shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term  in
Section 5.1.

     Buy/Sell Seller shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 5.1.

     Capital  Account shall mean the Capital Account  maintained  for
each Member, computed as set forth in Section 2.3 hereof.

     Capital  Contributions  means, with respect  to  a  Member,  the
amount  of money and the initial Gross Asset Value (as determined  by
the  Management Committee or as otherwise provided in this Agreement)
of  property other than money contributed from time to time  by  such
Member  to  the  capital of the Company in respect  of  such  Members
Interest (net of the amount of any liabilities of the Member that, in
connection  with  such  contribution, the Company  is  considered  to
assume  or  take  subject  to  under the last  sentence  of  Treasury
Regulation  Section  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(c) and,  without  duplication,
under Section 752 of the Code).

     Change  in Control means, with respect to a Member, any  of  the
following  events:  (i)  the acquisition by  any  person,  entity  or
"group"  (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2)  of  the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")), of
beneficial  ownership (within the

meaning of Rule  13d-3  promulgated
under  the  Exchange  Act) of securities representing  fifty  percent
(50%)  or  more  of  the  combined voting power  of  all  outstanding
securities  of the Member entitled to vote generally in the  election
of directors (excluding any acquisition or holding by (A) the Member;
(B) the directors of the Member as of the date of this Agreement (the
"Incumbent  Board"),  and (C) persons who as  of  the  date  of  this
Agreement are deemed to be Affiliates of Edward L. Baker or  John  D.
Baker  II);  or (ii)  individuals who constitute the Incumbent  Board
cease  for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the  board
of  directors  of  the Member, provided that any  person  becoming  a
director  subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination
for  the  election by the Company's shareholders, was approved  by  a
vote of at least a majority of the directors comprising the Incumbent
Board  shall  be  considered as though such person were  an  original
member  of  the Incumbent Board; or (iii) a merger, consolidation  or
similar transaction or series of related transactions that result  in
the  beneficial  owners  of  the Member  immediately  prior  to  such
transactions  (or,  in the case of a series of related  transactions,
immediately  prior to the first such related transaction)  no  longer
owning  securities  representing a majority of  the  combined  voting
power  of all outstanding securities of the Member entitled  to  vote
generally in the election of directors.

     Code  shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as  amended,
or  any  corresponding  provision or provisions  of  succeeding  law.
References to "Code Sections" are references to Sections of the Code.

     Committee  Members shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 4.1.

     Company has the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 1.1.

     Company  Minimum  Gain  has the meaning  ascribed  to  the  term
"partnership  minimum  gain"  as set  forth  in  Treasury  Regulation
Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d).

     Control means the ability, whether by the ownership of shares or
other  equity interest, by contract or otherwise, to elect a majority
of  the  directors  of  a corporation, independently  to  select  the
managing  partner of a partnership or manager of a limited  liability
company,  or otherwise to have the power independently to remove  and
then   select  a  majority  of  those  persons  exercising  governing
authority over an entity.

     Deadlock  means the occurrence of a deadlock among  the  Members
(if  action  or  approval of the Members is required) or  a  deadlock
among  the  Committee  Members (if no Member approval  or  action  is
required) with respect to the vote or consent to take any action that
will  fundamentally change the Company including, without limitation,
(a)  approval  of  the Business Plan, (b) a material  change  in  the
nature  of the business of the Company;  (c) any sale or disposal  of
all  or  substantially  all of the assets of  the  Company;  (d)  any
transaction   between  the  Company  and  any  Affiliate;   (e)   any
transaction  by  the  Company to merge or  consolidate  with  another
Person  or any transaction which involves the issuance of any  equity
security of the Company to any other Person.

     Defaulting Member shall have the meaning ascribed to  such  term
in Section 2.5(c).

     Depreciation means, for each Fiscal Year or portion thereof,  an
amount  equal  to  the  depreciation,  amortization,  or  other  cost
recovery  deduction  allowable with respect  to  an  asset  for  such
period, except that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs from
its  adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes at the  beginning
of  such Fiscal Year or allocation period, Depreciation shall  be  an
amount that bears the same ratio to such beginning Gross Asset  Value
as  the federal income tax depreciation, amortization, or

other  cost
recovery  deduction  for such Fiscal Year or  period  bears  to  such
beginning adjusted tax basis, provided, however, that if the adjusted
basis for federal income tax purposes of an asset at the beginning of
such Fiscal Year or allocation period is zero, Depreciation shall  be
determined  with reference to such beginning Gross Asset Value  using
any reasonable method selected by the Management Committee.

     Dissolution Event shall have the meaning ascribed to  such  term
in Section 10.1.

     Distributions  means, with respect to a Member,  the  amount  of
money  and  the  Gross Asset Value (as determined by  the  Management
Committee  or  as otherwise provided in this Agreement)  of  property
other  than  money (net of the amount of (a) any liabilities  of  the
Company  that, in conjunction with such Distributions such Member  is
considered  to assume under the last sentence of Treasury  Regulation
Section  1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(c)  and,  without  duplication,  (b)   any
liabilities secured by the distributed property to which such  Member
is  considered to take the property subject under Section 752 of  the
Code)  distributed to such Member by the Company on account  of  that
Members Membership Interest or in redemption or liquidation of all or
any  portion  of  such Members Membership Interest.   Payments  to  a
Member (i) pursuant to a loan by such Member to the Company or  other
transactions  in  which  such Member is  acting  other  than  in  its
capacity  as  "partner" within the meaning of Section 707(a)  of  the
Code  or  (ii)  which are guaranteed payments within the  meaning  of
Section 707(c) of the Code shall not be treated as Distributions  and
shall not reduce that Member's Capital Account.

     Distribute means to make one or more Distributions.

     Eligible  Member  shall mean a Member as to which  none  of  the
following  events  has  occurred: a Change in Control,  an  Event  of
Bankruptcy, a Funding Default and a Prohibited Transfer.

     Fair  Market Value shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 5.2.

     First Refusal Exercise Period shall have the meaning ascribed to
such term in Section 5.3.

     First  Refusal  Notice shall have the meaning ascribed  to  such
term in Section 5.3.

     Fiscal Year means the fiscal year of the Company as set forth in
Section 8.1.

     Funding Default shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 2.5(c).

     Funding  Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 2.5(a).

     FRK shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in page 1.

     FRK Newco shall have the meaning ascribed to in Section 2.2(a).

     FRP shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in page 1.

     FRP Newco shall have the meaning ascribed to in Section 2.2(a).

     Gross Asset Value means, with respect to any Company asset,  the
asset's  adjusted  basis for federal income tax purposes,  except  as
follows:

(a)  The initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed
by  a  Member to the Company shall be the gross fair market value  of
such  asset,  as  determined  by  the  contributing  Member  and  the
Management Committee;

          (b)   The Gross Asset Values of all Company assets shall be
adjusted  to  equal  their respective gross fair  market  values,  as
determined  by  the Management Committee, as of the following  times:
(A)  the acquisition of an additional interest in the Company by  any
new or existing Member in exchange for more than a de minimis Capital
Contribution; (B) the distribution by the Company to a Member of more
than a de minimis amount of property as consideration for an interest
in the Company; (C) the liquidation of the Company within the meaning
of  Treasury  Regulation  Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g);  and  (D)  in
connection with the grant of an interest in the Company (other than a
de  minimis interest) as consideration for the provision of  services
to  or for the benefit of the Company by an existing Member acting in
a  Member capacity, or by a new Member acting in a member capacity in
anticipation  of being a Member; provided, however, that  adjustments
pursuant to clauses (A), (B), and (D) above shall be made only if the
Management Committee reasonably determines that such adjustments  are
necessary  or appropriate to reflect the relative economic  interests
of the Members in the Company;

          (c)  The Gross Asset Value of any Company asset distributed
to  any Member shall be adjusted to equal the gross fair market value
of  such  asset  on  the date of distribution as  determined  by  the
distributee and the Management Committee; and

           (d)   The  Gross Asset Values of Company assets  shall  be
increased  (or decreased) to reflect any adjustments to the  adjusted
basis of such assets pursuant to Section 734(b) of the Code, but only
to  the  extent  that  such adjustments are  taken  into  account  in
determining Capital Accounts pursuant to Treasury Regulation  Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)  and  subparagraph  (f)  of  the  definition  of
"Profits"  and  "Losses"  in  this  Schedule  1  or  Section  7.2(g),
provided,  however,  that Gross Asset Values shall  not  be  adjusted
pursuant  to  this  subparagraph (d) to  the  extent  the  Management
Committee determines that an adjustment pursuant to subparagraph  (b)
hereof  is  necessary or appropriate in connection with a transaction
that  would  otherwise  result  in an  adjustment  pursuant  to  this
subparagraph (d).

           (e)   If  the  Gross  Asset Value of  an  asset  has  been
determined  or adjusted pursuant to subparagraphs (a), (b),  or  (d),
such   Gross  Asset  Value  shall  thereafter  be  adjusted  by   the
Depreciation  taken  into  account with respect  to  such  asset  for
purposes of computing Profits and Losses.

          (f)   In  the  event the Gross Asset Value of  any  Company
asset is adjusted pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this definition  of
"Gross  Asset Value," subsequent allocations of income,  gain,  loss,
and  deduction with respect to such asset shall take account  of  any
variation between the adjusted basis of such asset for federal income
tax  purposes and its Gross Asset Value in the same manner  as  under
Section 704(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder.

     Indemnified Person shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 9.1.

     Initial  Capital Contributions has the meaning ascribed to  such
term in Section 2.1.

     Interest Rate shall mean  an interest rate equal to the  default
rate   under  the  Defaulting  Member's  principal  revolving  credit
facility at the time of a Funding Default.

     Irrevocable Period shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 5.1.

Joint  Venture shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term  in
page 1.

     Losses  has the meaning set forth in the definition of "Profits"
and "Losses."

     Management  Committee shall have the meaning  ascribed  to  such
term in Section 4.1.

     Member(s)  shall mean any Person that is or becomes a member  of
the  Company  in accordance with this Agreement and as that  term  is
defined by the Act.

     Membership  Interest  shall  mean a  Member's  interest  in  the
capital of, and share of the Profits and Losses of, the Company,  the
right  to receive Distributions, voting rights and management  rights
granted under this Agreement and all other rights granted to a Member
under this Agreement or the Act.

     Member  Nonrecourse Debt has the meaning ascribed  to  the  term
"partner   nonrecourse   debt"   in   Treasury   Regulation   Section
1.704-2(b)(4).

     Member  Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain" means the amount ascribed
to  the  term  "partner nonrecourse debt minimum  gain"  in  Treasury
Regulation  Section 1.704-2(i)(2), as determined in  accordance  with
Treasury Regulation Section 1.704-2(i)(3).

     Member  Nonrecourse Deductions has the meaning ascribed  to  the
term "partner nonrecourse deductions" in Treasury Regulations Section
1.704-2(i)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(2).

     Merger  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in  Section
2.2(c).

     Nonrecourse  Deductions has the meaning set  forth  in  Treasury
Regulation Sections 1.704-2(b)(1) and 1.704-2(c).

     Nonrecourse  Liability  has the meaning set  forth  in  Treasury
Regulation Section 1.704-2(b)(3).

     Non-Defaulting  Member shall have the meaning ascribed  to  such
term in Section 2.5(c).

     Non-Selling Member shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 5.3.

     Non-Withdrawing Member shall have the meaning ascribed  to  such
term in Section 5.2.

     Offer  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in  Section
5.1.

     Offeree  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
5.1.

     Offeror  shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section
5.1.

     Patriot shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in page 1.

     Percentage  Interests shall mean, with respect to  each  Member,
the  percentage interest for such Member set forth opposite the  name
of the Member in Section 2.1 hereof.

     Permitted  Encumbrances  shall mean the encumbrances  listed  in
Schedule 3 attached hereto.

     Permitted Transfer shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 5.2(a).

Person  shall  mean  any  individual, partnership,  corporation,
association, trust, limited liability company, or other legal entity,
whether foreign or domestic and its heirs, executors, administrators,
legal representatives, successors, and assigns.

     Proceeding  shall  have the meaning ascribed  to  such  term  in
Section 9.1.

     Profits  and  Losses means, for each Fiscal  Year  or  allocable
portion  thereof, an amount equal to the Company's taxable income  or
loss  for such year, determined in accordance with Section 703(a)  of
the  Code  (for  this purposes, all items of income, gain,  loss,  or
deduction  required to be stated separately pursuant to Code  Section
703(a)(1)  shall  be included in taxable income or  loss),  with  the
following adjustments:

           (a)  Any income of the Company that is exempt from federal
income  tax and not otherwise taken into account in computing Profits
or Losses pursuant to this definition of "Profits" and "Losses" shall
be added to such taxable income or loss;

           (b)   Any expenditures of the Company described in Section
705(a)(2)(B)  of  the  Code, or treated as Code Section  705(a)(2)(B)
expenditures     pursuant    to    Treasury    Regulation     Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i),  and  not  otherwise  taken  into  account   in
computing  Profits or Losses pursuant to this definition of "Profits"
and "Losses" shall be subtracted from such taxable income or loss;

           (c)   In  the  event the Gross Asset Value of any  Company
asset  is  adjusted  pursuant to subparagraphs  (b)  or  (c)  of  the
definition  of  "Gross Asset Value," the amount  of  such  adjustment
shall  be taken into account as gain or loss from the disposition  of
such asset for purposes of computing Profits or Losses;

          (d)  Gain or loss resulting from any disposition of Company
assets  with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for  federal
income tax purposes shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset
Value  of such disposed asset, notwithstanding that the adjusted  tax
basis of such asset differs from its Gross Asset Value;

           (e)   In lieu of the depreciation, amortization, and other
cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing such taxable
income  or  loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation  for
such  Fiscal  Year,  computed in accordance with  the  definition  of
"Depreciation";

           (f)  To the extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis
of  any  Company  asset pursuant to Section 734(b)  of  the  Code  is
required     pursuant     to     Treasury     Regulation      Section
1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4)  to  be taken  into  account  in  determining
Capital  Accounts  as  a  result  of a  distribution  other  than  in
liquidation of a Member's interest in the Company, the amount of such
adjustment  shall  be treated as an item of gain (if  the  adjustment
increases  the  basis  of  the  asset) or  loss  (if  the  adjustment
decreases  the basis of the asset) from the disposition of the  asset
and shall be taken into account for purposes of computing Profits  or
Losses; and

          (g)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this definition
of  "Profits"  and  "Losses," any items that are specially  allocated
pursuant  to  Section  7.2 or Section 7.3 shall  not  be  taken  into
account in computing Profits or Losses.  However, the amounts of  the
items  of  Company income, gain, loss, or deduction available  to  be
specially  allocated  pursuant  to Sections  7.3  and  7.3  shall  be
determined  by  applying  rules  analogous  to  those  set  forth  in
subparagraphs (a) through (f) hereof.

Prohibited  Transfer shall mean a Transfer by a  Member  of  its
Membership  Interest  in violation of the terms  of  this  Agreement,
including Section 5.2 hereof.

     Project shall have the meaning as is set forth in Section 1.3.

     Pro   Rata  means  an  amount  in  proportion  to  the  Members'
respective Membership Interests in the Company.

     Purchase Notice shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 5.2.

     Regulatory Allocations shall have the meaning ascribed  to  such
term in Section 7.3.

     Rivenbark Acquisition Expenses shall mean the costs incurred (by
FRK  or  FRK Newco) to acquire the Rivenbark Property, including  the
purchase  price,  closing costs, attorneys' fees  and  other  out-of-
pocket expenses.

     Rivenbark Property shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in page 1.

     Selling  Member shall have the meaning ascribed to such term  in
Section 5.3.

     Surviving Entity shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in
Section 2.2(a).

     Tax Matters Partner shall have the meaning ascribed to such term
in Section 8.3.

     Transfer  and Transferred means the sale, assignment,  transfer,
pledge,  encumbrance, or other disposition, by operation  of  law  or
otherwise,  of  Membership Interests or any part  thereof;  provided,
however, that a transfer of a Membership Interest pursuant to Section
5.2(a)  hereof shall not constitute a "Transfer" for purposes of  any
other Section of this Agreement.

     Treasury  Regulations shall mean the regulations of  the  United
States  Treasury Department, as amended, and any successor provisions
thereto.

     Triggering  Event  shall  mean the  occurrence  of  any  of  the
following events: a Deadlock that is not resolved pursuant to Section
11.17(a)  hereof,  a  Change in Control of  a  Member,  an  Event  of
Bankruptcy with respect to a Member, a Funding Default by a Member or
a Prohibited Transfer by a Member.

     Withdrawing Member shall have the meaning ascribed to such  term
in Section 5.2.

SCHEDULE 2

               DESCRIPTION OF BROOKSVILLE PROPERTY
               ---------------------------------

                   sCHEDULE oMITTED FROM FILING

SCHEDULE 3

                     PERMITTED ENCUMBRANCES

                SCHEDULED OMITTED FROM FILING

SCHEDULE 4.1

                             INITIAL
                  MANAGEMENT COMMITTEE MEMBERS

                 SCHEDULE OMITTED FROM FILING

EXHIBIT A

                 CERTIFICATE AND PLAN OF MERGER

                 SCHEDULE OMITTED FROM FILING

</EX-10>

<EX-11>
 8
 eps.txt
 EARNINGS PER SHARE
 
                                                                   Exhibit (11)

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

Year Ended September 30
                                         2006            2005          2004

Net income                           $211,409,000    157,653,000    113,670,000

Common shares:

Weighted average shares outstanding
 during the period -  used for
 basic earnings per share              65,621,003     65,305,615     64,810,289

Shares issuable under stock options
 which are potentially dilutive         1,207,714      1,458,310      1,323,055

Shares used for diluted earnings
 per share                             66,828,717     66,763,925     66,133,344

Earnings per share:
 Basic                                      $3.22           2.41           1.75

 Diluted   	                            $3.16           2.36           1.72

</EX-11>

<EX-13>
 9
 annualreport.txt
 ANNUAL REPORT

Annual Report 2006

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Years ended September 30
(Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)
                                                               %
                                          2006       2005    Change

Total sales                            $1,367,789 $1,153,452  +  18.6
Gross profit                           $  445,703    351,242  +  26.9
Operating profit                       $  319,475    249,473  +  28.1
Income before income taxes             $  330,084    255,632  +  29.1
Net income                             $  211,409    157,653  +  34.1

Per common share:
  Basic earnings per share             $     3.22       2.41   + 33.6
  Diluted earnings per share           $     3.16       2.36   + 33.9
  Shareholders' equity                 $    14.02      11.41   + 22.9
  Cash dividend                        $      .60       .566
Return on average shareholders' equity       25.4%      23.0%

2006 CORPORATE HIGHLIGHTS

Most profitable year ever

Gross profit increased 26.9% to $445,703,000

Operating profit increased 28.1% to $319,475,000

Diluted earnings per share increased 33.9% to $3.16 per share from
$2.36 per share

Shareholders' equity increased to $915,896,000 from $747,933,000

$179,777,000 invested in additional property, plant and equipment including
property, plant and equipment acquired in acquisitions

BUSINESS.  The Company is a major basic construction materials company
concentrating in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states.

MISSION STATEMENT.  Be an excellent construction materials company
operating responsibly, focused on customers, relying on dedicated employees
to achieve long-term growth and a superior return on investment.

VISION.  Be the quality name in construction materials.  Through employees
continually improving everything we do, we will supply quality materials
and superb service for our customers; provide an excellent work place; be
an excellent neighbor and environmental steward; operate safe, well
maintained and cost effective facilities and equipment; and grow profitably
in existing and new markets.

To Our Shareholders

Fiscal 2006 brought yet another record revenue and earnings performance for
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.  Revenue grew 18.6% over fiscal 2005 and net
income and diluted earnings per share grew 34.1% and 33.9% respectively over
the prior year's record. Return on average shareholders' equity increased to
25.4%. On the other hand, stock performance was an opposite story as we
started the year at $64.09 price and ended with a significantly lesser
$38.71 as the market's anticipation of the downturn in housing overshadowed
the continuation of earnings growth in the third and fourth quarters even in
the face of declining volumes in both concrete and cement.

As in fiscal 2005, the single most important factor in the continuing
earnings growth was the significant price improvements in all segments.
Even as the concrete and cement volumes declined at the end of the third
quarter, price increases in all three segments went through in most markets
in July and continued to hold fairly stable in the face of the even greater
declines in volumes.

In our aggregates segment, we were still able to grow volumes 7% over fiscal
2005 levels at our producing locations while average pricing for fiscal 2006
was up 13.4% over the fiscal 2005 average.  Aggregates operating profit grew
24% over the prior year even as our cost of sales rocketed up 19.2% with the
surge in fuel, energy, steel, tires and related commodities.  In this
segment fuel costs were up 42%, electricity 23% and tires over 100% as
shortages required advanced purchases to secure supply. The majority of the
construction work on our new aggregates plant in Miami was performed during
the year and will be operating in February. Though our Miami quarry still
faces a lawsuit threat on its permit status, we are excited about the
capabilities of the new plant that should lower our production costs as well
as add up to 25% more tonnage capacity over the next few years. Early in the
year we purchased a river quarry near Paducah, Kentucky.  This supplements
the quarry we purchased last year in Golconda, Illinois and gives us a
strong position to serve the growing markets on the Mississippi River
system.  In 2007 we also hope to complete the major portion of our new plant
and rail access system at our West Lee granite quarry near Auburn, Alabama.
 We also plan to build three new sand plants in Florida and Maryland to
replace depleting reserves at the existing locations.

Our concrete products segment again led the way in revenue growth for the
year with a 19.1% improvement over fiscal 2005.  It also grew operating
profit 25.4% even with the steady decline in volumes from May 2006 through
the end of the fiscal year.  Pricing improvement was again the greatest
contributing factor to profitability growth with average ready-mix prices
growing 16.9% over the prior year and average block prices growing 21.4%.
Ready mix volumes for the year managed to show a 3.2% gain over fiscal 2005,
but block volumes declined 1.9%. Filling in gaps in our Florida and Virginia
market coverage, we opened new concrete plants in Daytona and LaBelle,
Florida and in Stephens City, Virginia.  In February we also added the
Newington Concrete acquisition with its two plants in Alexandria, Virginia
and one each in Gainesville and Culpepper, Virginia.

The cement segment grew revenues 14.1% in fiscal 2006 and operating profit a
significant 45.9% over fiscal 2005.  For the year total cement volumes were
down 2.1% at 2,336,000 tons but average prices for the year grew 16.9% over
the fiscal 2005 average.  From an operations standpoint, our cement segment
turned in a stellar performance with our Newberry production facility
achieving its highest cement production ever and our Tampa facility lowered
operating costs even in the face of higher energy and commodity costs.
Construction of the second production line at Newberry also commenced in
earnest during the year with an on-line target date of late fiscal 2008 to
early fiscal 2009.  An artist rendering of the new plant is our cover photo
for this 2006 Annual Report.

This year was our second year for compliance with section 404 of Sarbanes-
Oxley and we are pleased to report that, once again, we have come through
without any material weakness in our internal controls.  We have made
progress in reducing the total number of our controls requiring testing as
well as with automating more of them with technological solutions.  Both of
these steps have enabled us to lower slightly the total expense of this
year's compliance.

Last year we introduced to you the key elements of our three-year initiative
that we named "Good to Great" or G2G with its three principal initiatives of
Quality Growth, Quality People and Quality Operations.

We made great progress on our Quality Growth program, both through the
acquisitions and the Greenfield sites we established.  We purchased a number
of new raw sites that will be the new plants of the future. We grew prices
and, in some cases, we grew volumes where the market would allow it.

Our Quality Operations initiative saw us implement numerous process
improvements and efficiency projects. While our costs escalated with the
aforementioned commodity spikes, we improved the key operating metrics
throughout the company.

The Quality People team identified supervisory training and performance
management as the top two areas of focus, and the training and performance
evaluation tools that we developed will make FRI a more effective and
employee-friendly place to work for the future.

As we focus on 2007 we are clearly facing a serious downturn in residential
construction in all our markets.  Volumes in concrete and cement will
clearly decline; our focus will be to hold on to relative market share and
to maintain and improve pricing where at all possible in these segments.
Our aggregates volumes have yet to see the declines of the other two
segments and we will continue to push pricing in this segment as the scarce
resource realization permeates more of our markets.  As of this writing our
pricing has held up relatively well through the first wave of volume
declines in housing and the expectation for price increases in many
locations still seem achievable for January 1, 2007.

Before closing this letter we must express our continued appreciation to our
dedicated employees who make our continuous improvement a reality.  We are
proud to tell you that the record earnings they achieved this year will also
result in their receiving record contributions to our profit-sharing/401(k)
plans, a well earned reward!

And to you, our fellow shareholders, we again extend our thanks for your
support and continuing interest in our Company.   While the equity markets
have adjusted their valuation of our stock in the face of the near-term
housing downturn, our longer term focus still keeps us quite positive about
the future opportunities for our business model in the excellent markets
where we operate. More than ever we value your trust and confidence as we
work to earn your continued support for the future.

Respectfully yours,

Edward L. Baker, Chairman
John D. Baker II, President

Operating Review

     Operations. The Company is a major basic construction materials
company concentrating its operations in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic
states.  The Company is one of the nation's leading producers of
construction aggregates, ready mixed concrete and concrete block.   In
Florida, the Company manufactures Portland cement and calcium products,
imports cement and slag which are either sold or blended or ground and
then sold.  It also imports clinker which is ground into cement and sold.

Aggregates.  The construction aggregates segment currently operates
three crushed stone plants, two baserock plants, nine sand plants and one
industrial sand plant in Florida. It operates six crushed stone plants,
one crushed stone plant through a joint venture and three sand plants in
Georgia; one crushed stone plant in Tennessee; one crushed stone plant and
one sand and gravel plant in Alabama; one crushed stone plant in Illinois;
one crushed stone plant in Kentucky; two sand and gravel plants and two
crushed stone plants in Maryland; and two crushed stone and two sand and
gravel plants in Virginia.  The Company also has an investment interest in
a crushed stone quarry located in Charlotte County, New Brunswick, Canada.
 The Company operates aggregates distribution terminals in Woodbridge,
Virginia; Norfolk-Virginia Beach, Virginia; Baltimore, Maryland; the
Eastern Shore of Maryland; Seaford, Delaware; Washington D.C. and Baton
Rouge, Louisiana.  In Florida, the Company serves Jacksonville and Central
Florida including Orlando and the Polk County markets through unit train
distribution terminals.  In Central Florida, the Company has two
terminals, at Taft and Auburndale, on the CSX rail line.  In Georgia, the
Company has two terminals at the ports of Brunswick and Savannah. Through
a joint venture, the Company has an interest in a distribution terminal in
New York City.  The Company maintains in excess of 2.5 billion tons of
long-term aggregates reserves of sand and stone in Florida, Georgia,
Maryland, Tennessee, Alabama, Kentucky, Illinois, Virginia and New
Brunswick, Canada, which are owned, or under long-term mining leases with
terms generally commensurate with the extent of the deposits at current
rates of extraction. During fiscal 2006 the Company produced and shipped
approximately 45 million tons of aggregates.

     Ready mixed concrete is produced and sold throughout peninsular
Florida; South Georgia; Richmond, Williamsburg, Newport News,
Norfolk/Virginia Beach, and Northeastern Virginia; Central Maryland; and
Washington, D.C.  At the end of fiscal 2006 the Company had 118 ready
mixed concrete plants, 13 concrete block plants, and a delivery fleet of
1,460 ready mix and block trucks. Concrete block is sold in the peninsula
of Florida and in South Georgia.

     Prestressed concrete products for commercial developments and bridge
and highway construction are produced from two yards in Wilmington, North
Carolina and precast concrete lintels and other building products are
produced in Kissimmee, Florida.

     Cement. The Company's cement segment operates one cement plant
located in Newberry, Florida and limestone grinding and calcium operation
in Brooksville, Florida.   During fiscal 2006, the cement plant sold
794,000 tons of cement. The Company has received a permit from the Florida
Department of Environmental Protection to expand production of the cement
plant.  We have obtained all the necessary approvals and have started
construction to double the annual production capacity of this plant.
Construction is expected to be completed in late fiscal 2008 or early
fiscal 2009.

Cement and granulate blast furnace slag are imported into Tampa, Florida
and some of the cement sold and the balance is either blended or bagged.

The limestone grinding plant in Brooksville, Florida provides product for
the animal feed industry and paint, plastics and joint compound
industries.

SHAREHOLDER RETURN PERFORMANCE

The following table and graph compare the performance of our common stock to
the S&P 500 Index, the Dow Jones U.S. Building Materials and
Fixtures Index and a peer group of companies in our industry for the five-
year period commencing September 30, 2001 and ending on September 30, 2006.
  The peer group consists of Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., Texas
Industries, Inc., and Vulcan Materials Company.   The table and graph assume
that $100 was invested on September 30, 2001 in the Company's common stock
and in each of the indices and assumes the reinvestment of dividends.

2001    2002  2003  2004  2005  2006
Florida Rock Industries  100      98    161   248  492    301
Peer Group               100      85     95   130  200    214
S&P 500                  100      80     99   113  126    140
Dow Jones US Building
  Materials & Fixtures   100      96    123   175  216    205

Five Year Summary Years ended September 30
(Dollars and shares in thousands except per share amounts)

                           2006         2005       2004        2003      2002
Summary of Operations
 Total sales, including  $1,367,789  1,153,452   948,519     746,059   723,724
   freight
 Gross profit            $  445,703    351,242   255,202     188,272   176,290
 Operating profit(a)     $  319,475    249,473   175,928     112,299   106,447
 Interest expense        $      259      1,555     2,126       1,853     3,862
 Income before income    $  330,084    255,632   177,953     116,308   106,320
   taxes
 Provision for income    $  118,675     97,979    64,283      40,707    37,425
   taxes
 Net income              $  211,409    157,653   113,670      75,934    68,895

Per Common Share
 Basic earnings per share$     3.22       2.41      1.75        1.18      1.08
 Diluted earnings per
  share                  $     3.16       2.36      1.72        1.16      1.06
 Shareholders' equity    $    14.02      11.41      9.55        8.89      7.94
 Cash dividend           $     .600       .566     1.134        .245      .165
Financial Summary
 Current assets          $  305,191    266,825    198,336    190,094   126,587
 Current liabilities     $  151,266    145,280    158,901     95,723    87,181
 Working capital         $  153,925    121,545     39,435     94,371    39,406
 Property, plant and
  equipment, net         $  690,012    578,500    520,959    489,778   490,734
 Total assets            $1,236,260  1,052,991    934,929    886,154   733,349
 Long-term debt, exclud-
  ing current portion    $   16,423     18,437     41,927    118,964    43,695
 Shareholders' equity    $  915,896    747,933    620,880    574,422   510,647
Other Data
 Return on average
  shareholders' equity         25.4       23.0       19.0       13.9      14.4
 Return on average capital
  employed                     22.6       19.9       15.4       11.2      11.3
 Additions to property,
  plant and equipment    $  179,777 b   140,143 b   104,656    63,195 b   49,837
 Depreciation, depletion
  and amortization       $   74,687     64,558     63,628     63,126    66,152
 Weighted average number
  of shares - basic          65,621     65,306     64,810     64,420    63,934
 Weighted average number
  of shares - diluted        66,829     66,764     66,133     65,464    65,144
  Number of employees at
  End of year                 3,464      3,426     3,208       3,127     3,092
 Shareholders of record         832        852       834         845       892

(a)  Included in operating profit for 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002
are gain on the sale of real estate of $3,569,000 $6,367,000,
$13,167,000, $3,556,000 and $2,812,000, respectively.  See Note 13 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(b)  Includes property, plant and equipment acquired in acquisitions.

Management Analysis

     Executive Overview. The Company is one of the nation's leading
producers of construction aggregates, a major provider of ready-mix
concrete and concrete products in the Southeastern and mid Atlantic
States and a significant supplier of cement in Florida and Georgia.
We operate through three business segments: construction aggregates,
concrete products and cement and calcium. The construction aggregates
segment is engaged in the mining, processing, distribution and sale of
sand, gravel and crushed stone.   The concrete products segment is
engaged in production and sale of ready-mix concrete, concrete block,
prestressed concrete as well as sales of other building materials.
The cement and calcium products segment is engaged in the production
and sale of Portland and masonry cement, the importation of cement and
slag which are either sold or ground or blended and then sold and the
sale of calcium products to the animal feed industry.

     For the contribution made to net sales and operating profit from
each business segment, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

2006 Highlights

Your Company achieved its most profitable year in 2006.   Notable
highlights from the year include:

      Record net income of $211,409,000, an increase of 34.1% over 2005

	$3.16 diluted earnings per share, a 33.9% increase over 2005

      Return on average shareholders' equity of 25.4%

$179,777,000 invested in additional property, plant and equipment
including property, plant and equipment acquired in acquisitions.

Our Business

     We are a major basic construction materials company concentrating
on growth markets in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states.   We
operate in three business segments: construction aggregates, cement and
calcium products, and concrete products.

     Construction Aggregates.   Our construction aggregates segment is
engaged in the mining, processing, distribution and sale of crushed
stone, sand and gravel.   Our construction aggregates segment operates
plants in multiple states:

Crushed     Base Rock  Sand, Gravel and   Distribution
             Stone Plants    Plants    Industrial Sand      Terminals

Florida           3               2              10                 3
Georgia           7                               3                 2
Tennessee         1
Alabama           1                               1
Maryland          2                               2                 5
Virginia          2                               2                 2
Illinois          1
Kentucky          1
Louisiana                                                           1
Canada            1

Note:  Chart includes one joint venture crushed stone plant in Georgia
and one joint venture crushed stone plant in Canada.

Our aggregates segment also operates 13 aggregates distribution
terminals in Florida, Georgia, Virginia, Maryland, Delaware, Washington
D.C., Louisiana and one terminal(through a joint venture) in New York.

     During fiscal 2006 we produced and shipped 44.7 million tons of
construction aggregates.   Currently, we have 2.5 billion tons of
[permitted] reserves.

     Concrete Products Segment.   Our concrete products segment
produces and sells ready-mix concrete, concrete block, prestressed and
precast concrete sales other building materials in multiple states:

                       Ready-Mix
                       Concrete	Concrete	  Prestress    Precast
                       Plants    Block Plants     Plants       Plant

Florida                   63          12                          1
Georgia                   11           1
North Carolina		                              2
Virginia                  37
District of Columbia       1
Maryland                   6

In 2006, we had a delivery fleet of 1,460 ready-mix and block trucks.

     Cement and Calcium Products.   Our cement and calcium products
segment operates a cement plant in Newberry, Florida, import terminals
and grinding facilities in Tampa and Port Manatee, Florida and a
limestone grinding facility in Brooksville, Florida.

     Our Newberry cement plant produced 802,000 tons of cement in 2006.
 We have obtained all the necessary approvals and have started
construction to double the annual production capacity of this plant.
Construction is expected to be completed in late fiscal 2008 or early
fiscal 2009.

     Our Tampa facility imports, blends or bags and sells cement and
grinds, blends and sells granulate blast furnace slag.   Our Port
Manatee facility imports and grinds clinker (unground cement) and sells
the ground cement.

     Our Brooksville facility operates a limestone grinding plant that
provides product for the animal feed industry and paint, plastic and
joint compound industries.

Business Environment

     Our business principally serves customers in the construction
industry.   Our business is impacted by a number of factors affecting
the construction industry and the economy as a whole.   Although a
number of different factors, risks and trends affect our business, we
have highlighted some of these factors below:

     Our Markets.   Construction activity and general economic
conditions in our principal markets significantly affects our results.
  We continue to focus our operations and expansion on growth markets.
  The following breakdown shows our sales by market:

		Market			2006 % of Sales    2005 % of Sales

            Florida                        65.6            65.2
            Mid-Atlantic                   25.7            26.6
            Georgia                         7.2             7.1
            North Carolina                   .4              .5
            Tennessee                        .5              .6
            Illinois                         .5               -
            Kentucky                         .2               -

     Construction Activity.    Our Florida markets have enjoyed strong
levels of residential construction activity in recent years.
Residential construction activity has been fueled by many factors,
including migration into Florida and mortgage rates near historic lows.
 We expect this trend to continue in Florida over the long term due to
projected population growth.   Residential construction has declined
starting in our markets in late fiscal 2006 and continuing into fiscal
2007.   It is not possible to predict how long this decline in
residential construction will continue.  Construction activity in our
markets is affected by a number of factors, including population
growth, economic conditions, interest rates and other factors.

     Our financial results also are affected by highway construction
spending levels.   On August 10, 2005, the "Safe, Accountable, Flexible
and Efficient Transportation Equity Act-A Legacy for Users" became law,
providing $286.5 billion in guaranteed funding for federal highway,
transit and safety programs. We expect this legislation to result in
modest increases in highway construction spending over the next several
years.   The budgeted levels of Florida Department of Transportation
Construction Spending are scheduled to increase substantially over the
next few years, although highway spending continues to be severely
limited in certain markets, including Virginia.

     Cement Supplies.   Our cement performance in fiscal 2004 was aided
by a severe cement shortage in the Florida market.   The cement
shortage was fueled by a record level of demand, unusual downtime at
some of our competitors' plants and limited availability of imports due
to stronger international demand, particularly in China, and a shortage
of available barges.

     The cement shortage eased in 2005, although many states in our
markets experienced somewhat tight supply conditions.   Cement plants
primarily serving our markets are operating at or near full capacity.
 We began construction of an expansion of our Newberry plant. Some of
our competitors also either are expanding capacity or building new
plants.   Demand for cement products also weakened in late fiscal 2006
as a result of the slowdown in residential construction.  Nevertheless,
we expect long-term demand to continue to be strong in our principal
markets.

     Additional Factors Influencing Operations.  Our operations are
influenced by a number of other external and internal factors.   Other
external factors include weather, competition, interest rates, fuel
costs, transportation costs, driver availability, labor costs and
inflation.   Other internal factors include sales mix, plant location,
quality and quantities of aggregates reserves, capacity utilization and
other operating factors.

     In late fiscal 2004 four hurricanes and a tropical storm affected
the southeastern United States.   These storms reduced the demand for
cement and brought supply and demand for cement in balance.   These
storms caused a temporary disruption in our business during the first
quarter of fiscal 2005.   In addition, rail operations were interrupted
resulting in restricted delivery of aggregates products to our
distribution terminals.   This interruption in rail service continued
throughout much of fiscal 2005.   During the first quarter of fiscal
2006, rail transportation was once again curtailed due to a hurricane.

     In October 2005 a hurricane affected southern Florida and caused a
disruption of business during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.   After
the storm, the focus in that area was on restoring conditions rather
than commencing new construction.   Rail operations were interrupted,
resulting in restricted delivery of product to our terminals.   This
interruption caused a shortage of aggregate production in some parts of
Florida which affected business in areas not affected by the hurricane
during the first quarter of fiscal 2006.

     Financial results will be affected by planned maintenance at the
cement plant since these costs, which can be significant, are expensed
when incurred. The Company expensed planned maintenance of $4,100,000
in fiscal 2006, as compared to $2,800,000 in fiscal 2005.  The plant
was shut down for nineteen days in fiscal 2006 and fifteen days in
fiscal 2005 for planned maintenance.  Planned maintenance is scheduled
for the first quarter of fiscal 2007 at an estimated cost of $2,800,000
as compared to $2,500,000 for the first quarter of fiscal 2006.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005, the plant had an unplanned
outage that extended for 20 days at a cost of $1,600,000.   The outage
also resulted in lower sales volumes for the fourth quarter of fiscal
2005.

     Our capital expenditure program for fiscal 2007 has a budget of
$345 million.  Of this amount, approximately $67 million is for
replacements and approximately $183 million is for new land and plants.
 Historically, the capital expenditures for replacements have been
slightly lower than the 2007 budget.

     This compares to capital expenditures in 2006 of $158.9 million
excluding acquisitions.   The increase in the capital expenditure
program for 2007 relates to adding a second line at our cement plant in
Newberry, Florida and building new aggregates and concrete plants.

     Our insurance program consists of the Company self-insuring a
portion of the claims and paying premiums for coverage in excess of
this self-insurance retention.   The self-insurance retention level is
determined by comparing the premium for the coverage versus the
potential exposure. For the automobile insurance programs, self-
insurance retention is $3,000,000 per occurrence.   For workers
compensation and general liability insurance programs, the self-
insurance retention is $1,000,000 per occurrence with an aggregate of
$2,000,000 for general liability.

    Operating Review. Fiscal 2006 sales increased 18.6% to
$1,367,789,000 from $1,153,452,000 for fiscal 2005 due to increased
revenues in all three business segments.   These increases were
attributable to both increased volumes and sales prices of construction
aggregates at producing locations, ready-mix concrete, concrete block
and building materials, and cement.   Although sales increased 18.6%
for the year, sales in the fourth quarter only increased 2.4% as
compared to the fourth quarter of last year and decreased 6.8% as
compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2006.   During the fourth
quarter volumes decreased while the average price increased as compared
to both the fourth quarter of last year and the third quarter of this
year.

     In our aggregates segment for the year, volumes at our producing
locations were up 7.0% over 2005 volumes primarily from acquisitions at
the end of last fiscal year or early this fiscal year, increased
volumes from our quarry on the Ohio River in Illinois acquired at the
beginning of last fiscal year and from our Georgia and Florida
operations. These volume increases were offset by decreases in volumes
at our distribution terminals of 4.8% and lower volumes in our Virginia
and Maryland markets. Volumes at our producing locations in the fourth
quarter declined slightly as compared to the same quarter last year and
decreased 7.0% when compared to the third quarter of this year.
Volumes at our distribution terminals declined 9.0% as compared to the
fourth quarter last year and 6.7% when compared to the third quarter of
this year.  Sales prices were higher in the fourth quarter of this year
as compared to both the same quarter last year and the third quarter of
this year.

     In our concrete segment for the year, volumes of ready-mix
concrete were up 3.2%, while our block volumes were down 1.9% compared
to 2005. Sales prices for ready-mix were up 16.9% and for block were up
19.1%.   For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006 ready-mix volumes were
down 13.8% as compared to the fourth quarter of last year and 12.8% as
compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2006.  The average selling
price in the fourth quarter increased 16.4% as compared to the fourth
quarter last year and 4.9% as compared to the third quarter of this
year.   Block volumes in the fourth quarter of this year declined 22.4%
as compared to the fourth quarter last year and 21.6% as compared to
the third quarter of last year.   The average block selling price
increased 13.9% as compared to the fourth quarter last year and 2.8% as
compared to the third quarter.

      In our cement operations for the year volumes decreased 2.1% due
to lower volumes at our grinding facilities  partially offset by
increased volumes at the Newberry cement plant.   During the fourth
quarter of last year, the Newberry cement plant had an unscheduled
maintenance shutdown of 20 days due to a mechanical failure which
reduced the volumes during the quarter. Cement volumes for the fourth
quarter of this year declined 13.5% as compared to the fourth quarter
last year and 14.0% as compared to the third quarter of this year.
This was due to decreased volumes at our grinding facilities.   Volumes
at the Newberry cement plant increased 2.7% as compared to the fourth
quarter last year and remained stable as compared to the third quarter
this year.

	Fiscal 2005 sales increased 21.6% to $1,153,452,000 from
$948,519,000 for fiscal 2004 due to increased revenues in all three
business segments.   These increases were attributable to both
increased volumes and sales prices of construction aggregates at
producing locations, ready-mix concrete, concrete block and building
materials, and cement.   In our aggregates segment, volumes at our
producing locations were up 2.4% over 2004 volumes primarily from our
southern operations. These volume increases were offset by decreases in
volumes at our distribution terminals of 10.1% and lower volumes in our
Georgia, Virginia and Maryland markets.   In our concrete segment,
volumes of ready-mix concrete were up 8.2% and block volumes were up
13.4% over 2004.  In our cement operations, the increased volumes were
the result of our cement grinding operations as the Newberry cement
plant volumes were down 3.7% this year.   During the fourth quarter,
the Newberry cement plant had an unscheduled maintenance shutdown of 20
days due to a mechanical failure which reduced the volumes during the
quarter.

     For the contribution made to net sales from each business segment,
see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Gross profit for fiscal 2006 increased 26.9% and gross margin
increased to 32.6% of sales as compared to 30.5% for 2005.    These
increases were due to all three business segments gross profit and
gross margin improvements.   Gross profit for the fourth quarter
increased 8.7% as compared to the fourth quarter of last year and gross
margin for this year was 33.0% as compared to 31.1% last year.
Construction aggregates improvements were primarily due to higher sales
prices and increased volumes.   Gross profit last year benefited from
an insurance settlement of $2,116,000 which recovered costs previously
expensed.   Gross profit increased for aggregates as compared to the
fourth quarter last year and the third quarter of this year were
primarily as a result of higher average selling prices.   The cement
and calcium group improvement for the year, and the fourth quarter of
this year as compared to the fourth quarter of last year was due to
price increases partially offset by the reduced volumes.  Cement and
calcium gross profit decreased for the fourth quarter as compared to
the third quarter of this year as a result of volume decreases only
partially offset by price increases.   The third quarter of fiscal 2006
benefited from the collection of insurance proceeds of $1,075,000
related to an equipment failure in fiscal 2005.  Our concrete products
segment for the year improved due to increased sales prices and ready-
mix volumes.   Gross profit for the concrete products segment for the
fourth quarter decreased 17.3% as compared to the fourth quarter of
last year and 11.9% as compared to the third quarter of this year.
These declines were due to the reduction in sales volumes and increased
costs partially offset by increased average selling prices.  All three
segments gross profit and margins were adversely affected by dramatic
increases in fuel and energy costs and construction aggregates and
concrete products were adversely affected by repairs and maintenance.
The cement and concrete products segments were adversely affected by
increased raw material prices.   Gross profit last year also benefited
from an insurance settlement of $2,116,000 which recovered costs
previously expensed.   Fuel costs were $14,464,000 higher this year as
compared to last year.   Repair costs increased $5,453,000 this year.
Higher depreciation expense of approximately $7,425,000 also depressed
profit and margin.

     Gross profit for 2005 increased 37.6% and gross margin increased
to 30.5% of sales as compared to 26.9% for 2004.    These increases
were due to all three business segments gross profit and gross margin
improvements with the most significant improvement in the concrete
products segment.  Construction aggregates improvements were primarily
due to higher sales prices and increased volumes. The construction
aggregates segment gross profit included a credit of $2,116,000 from an
insurance settlement which recovered costs previously expensed.   The
cement and calcium group improvement was due to increased prices and
volumes in the grinding operations.   Our concrete products segment
improved gross profit and margin due to increased sales prices and
volumes.   All three segments gross profit and margins were adversely
affected by dramatic increases in fuel and energy costs and repairs and
maintenance: The cement and concrete products segment were adversely
affected by price increases of raw material purchases.   Fuel costs
were $17,061,000 higher in 2005 as compared to the previous year.
Repair costs increased $9,620,000 in 2005.   Higher depreciation
expense of approximately $2,674,000 also depressed profit and margin.
 Additionally, the change in LIFO was $2,804,000 in 2005 compared to
$1,714,000 in 2004.

     Selling, general and administrative (SGA) expenses on a
consolidated basis increased 20.0% in 2006.   SGA as a percentage of
sales were 9.5% for fiscal 2006 as compared to 9.4% for fiscal 2005.
The dollar increase is due to profit sharing and management incentive
compensation, which are both linked to earnings before income taxes and
real estate gains, stock option expense related to the adoption of FAS
123R which increased cost by $5,192,000 and legal services.   All three
business segments had an increase in SGA expense primarily due to
profit sharing, management incentive and stock option expenses.
Without these increased expenses, SGA expenses for each of the business
segments would have increased slightly.   For corporate overhead, SGA
expenses increased as a result of higher profit sharing, management
incentive, stock option expense and professional fees.   Last year SGA
expenses benefited $556,000 from reimbursement of legal fees in
connection with the insurance settlement discussed above and $596,000
from life insurance proceeds.

     SGA expenses on a consolidated basis increased 17.0% in 2005.  SGA
expenses were 9.4% for fiscal 2005 as compared to 9.7% for fiscal 2004.

SGA expenses were higher as a result of increased profit sharing and
management incentive programs (which are linked to profitability before
real estate gains), new site permitting costs and higher costs due to
depreciation expense. SGA expenses benefited $556,000 from a
reimbursement of legal fees in connection with the insurance settlement
discussed above and $596,000 from life insurance proceeds under the
Management Security Plan.

    Consolidated operating profit increased to $319,475,000 in 2006 as
compared to $249,473,000 for the same period last year.   Last year
included the gain on the sale of a former quarry and other real estate
which resulted in a gain of $6,367,000.   Gains on the sale of real
estate this year were $3,569,000.    Operating profit for the fourth
quarter this year was $77,054,000 as compared to $69,808,000 for the
fourth quarter last year and $90,296,000 for the third quarter of this
year.   The increase in operating profit as compared to the same
quarter last year was due to increased operating profit in the
construction aggregates and cement and calcium products segment
partially offset by a decrease in operating profit in the concrete
products segment.   As compared to the third quarter of this year, the
decrease was the result of lower operating profit in the cement and
calcium products and concrete products segments partially offset by
higher operating profit in the construction aggregates segment.
Operating profit for the year for the Aggregates group increased to
$117,215,000 from $94,552,000 last year.   This was due to a 7.0%
increase in volume and price increases slightly offset by higher SGA
expense and further reduced by higher fuel and repair costs.  Fiscal
2006 included real estate gains of $1,685,000 as compared to $6,194,000
last year.   For the fourth quarter this year, operating profit was
$35,459,000 as compared to $23,608,000 for the fourth quarter last year
and $31,704,000 for the third quarter of this year.   For the concrete
products segment, operating profit increased to $148,149,000 from
$118,161,000 last year.    This was due to 3.2% increase in ready-mix
volumes, price increases and additional real estate gains of
$1,711,000.   These increases were slightly offset by increased fuel
and SGA expenses.   For the fourth quarter this year, operating profit
was $28,543,000 as compared to $37,109,000 for the fourth quarter last
year and $42,953,000 for the third quarter this year.   These decreases
were primarily due to the lower volumes discussed above.   For the
cement and calcium segment, operating profit increased to $83,600,000
from $57,336,000 last year.   This increase is due to higher prices,
partially offset by increased SGA expenses.   For the fourth quarter
this year, operating profit was $19,455,000 as compared to $11,941,000
for the same quarter last year and $23,787,000 for the third quarter of
this year.   The decrease from the third quarter is due primarily to
lower sales volumes.

    Interest expense for 2006 decreased to $259,000 from $1,555,000 in
2005 as a result of reduced debt outstanding on revolving credit
agreements and capitalization of interest of $898,000 this year.
Interest expense for 2005 decreased to $1,555,000 from $2,126,000 in
2004 as a result of lower debt outstanding on revolving credit
agreements.

    Interest income for 2006 was $3,161,000 as compared to $1,260,000
last year.   Last year's interest income included $604,000 of interest
income on the insurance settlement discussed above.   The increase is
the result of having more excess cash available during fiscal 2006 for
investment in short-term investments.   During fiscal 2006, the Company
had very little usage of its revolving credit facilities.    The
Company ended the year with approximately $93 million of excess cash.

Interest income for 2005 was $1,260,000 as compared to $786,000 the
previous year. Included in interest income in 2005 is $604,000 of
interest income on the insurance settlement discussed above.
Excluding this interest income, other interest income declined due to
having less average excess cash available for short-term investment.
The Company ended the year with approximately $69 million of cash.   As
a result, interest income during fiscal 2006 will be greater than 2005
until the cash is invested in capital expenditures or acquisitions.

    Other income increased $1,253,000 from last year primarily from
gains on sale of real estate and other assets.   Other income includes
a gain from an exchange of real estate which resulted from a lawsuit
settlement of $2,838,000 for 2006 and $3,747,000 for 2005. Also
included in other income is a gain of $1,442,000 from the sale of a 15%
interest in an affiliate.   Included in other income is our 50% equity
in the operating results of our joint ventures.  During fiscal 2006
this equity in earnings of joint ventures was $810,000 as compared to
$512,000 last year.

    Income tax expense increased to $118,675,000 in 2006 as compared to
$97,979,000 last year.   This is due to higher income before taxes and
a decrease in the effective tax rate to 36.0% versus 37.4% last year.
 The decrease in effective income tax rate is due to the 3% manufacture
credit in fiscal 2006 and an increase in excess percentage depletion as
a result of increased revenues.

    Income tax expense in 2005 increased to $97,979,000 as compared to
$64,283,000 the previous year.  This is due to higher income before
taxes and an increase in the effective tax rate to 37.4% versus 36.1%
and an adjustment to deferred taxes in the amount of $2,450,000.   This
resulted in income tax expense of 38.3% of pre-tax income.  The
adjustment to deferred taxes resulted from a review of the Company's
percentage depletion calculation to ensure that the calculation
complied with tax law and generally accepted accounting principles.
In that review, the Company determined that deferred taxes of
$2,450,000 should have been recorded in prior periods for the
difference between the book and tax basis of its mineral reserves.
The effect on any prior period was not material.   The increase in the
effective income tax rate was due to increased contribution to earnings
from the cement and calcium and concrete products business segments not
subject to percentage depletion, a reduction in percentage depletion,
and the correction of the Company's method of recording tax depletion
in 2005.

    Net earnings for fiscal 2006 were $211,409,000 as compared to
$157,653,000 last year.   Included in net earnings for this year is the
gain on the sale of real estate of $3,569,000 pre-tax ($2,266,000 after
tax), and a gain of $2,838,000 pre-tax (1,802,000 after tax) from the
exchange of real estate.   Included in fiscal 2005 was the gain on the
sale of real estate of $6,367,000 ($3,998,000 after tax) and a gain of
$3,747,000 pretax from the exchange of real estate (2,346,000 after
tax).

     Liquidity and Capital Resources.  The following key financial
measurements reflect the Company's financial position and capital
resources at September 30 (dollars in thousands):

                                     2006        2005       2004

Cash and cash equivalents        $  93,353      68,921     45,891
Total debt                       $  19,702      19,934     44,048
Current ratio                     2.0 to 1    1.8 to 1   1.2 to 1
Debt as a percent of
  capital employed                     1.9%        2.3%       6.0%
Unused revolving credit          $ 250,000     250,000    250,000
Unused short-term lines          $  35,000      35,000     65,000

   In 2006, cash provided by operations of $291,719,000, sales of
assets of $9,384,000 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options of
$3,949,000 were used to purchase $158,929,000 of property, plant and
equipment, for business acquisitions of $44,030,000 to repurchase stock
of $19,898,000 and to pay dividends of $49,197,000.

    In 2005, cash provided by operations of $224,928,000, sales of
assets of $35,560,000 and proceeds from the exercise of stock options
of $4,459,000 were used to purchase $125,546,000 of property, plant and
equipment, to repay debt of $25,723,000 for business acquisitions of
$14,342,000 and to pay dividends of $79,233,000.

Operating Activities:
    During fiscal 2006, cash flow provided by operations was
$291,719,000.   The major reason for the increase from 2005 was
increased earnings, an increase in depreciation and amortization, an
increase in accounts payables and accrued expenses partially offset by
an increase in inventory and an increase in accounts receivable.

    During fiscal 2005, cash flow provided by operations was
$224,928,000.   The major reason for the increase from 2004 was
increased earnings, an increase in deferred taxes and an increase in
accounts payable and accrued liabilities partially offset by an
increase in accounts receivable and inventory.   The primary reasons
for the increase in accounts receivable, inventory and accounts payable
is the effect that the four hurricanes and one tropical storm in 2004
had on operations.   Sales for the month of September 2004 were
extremely low resulting in a low accounts receivable balance at
September 30, 2004.   Our inventory levels were also low due to reduced
production during September 2004.   During September 2005 our sales
were 49% higher than in September 2004 while receivables are 37%
higher.

Investing Activities:
     Cash flow used for investing activities was $205,946,000 for
fiscal 2006. This resulted from purchases of property, plant and
equipment of $158,929,000; and $44,030,000 used for business
acquisitions, partially offset by proceeds from sales of property,
plant and equipment and other assets of $9,384,000.

     Cash flow used in investing activities was $101,483,000 for fiscal
2005.  This resulted from purchases of property, plant and equipment of
$125,546,000 and $14,342,000 used for business acquisitions partially
by proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and other
assets of $35,560,000.

Financing Activities:
     Cash flow used for financing activities was $61,341,000 in fiscal
2006.  During the year, dividends of $49,197,000 were paid and
$19,898,000 of common stock was repurchased.

     The Company expects its 2007 expenditures for property, plant and
equipment to be approximately $345,000,000 and depreciation, depletion
and amortization to be approximately $85,000,000.

     The Company's normal capital expenditures are by and large
discretionary and not contractual commitments until the actual orders
are placed.  However, over time it is desirable and necessary to
replace equipment due to wear and tear and to make capital expenditures
to improve efficiencies and expand capacity where warranted.  New
plants and land acquisitions account for approximately $270,000,000 of
this expenditure program.   At September 30, 2006, the Company had
placed orders and was committed to purchase equipment costing
approximately $66,746,000.

     In August 2006, the Board of Directors authorized management to
repurchase up to $200,000,000 of common stock from time to time as
opportunities may arise and the Company has repurchased $19,898,000
under this authorization.

     The Company expects that the Purchase and Put Agreements covering
$3,550,000 of the Industrial Revenue Bonds (See Note 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements) will continue to be amended until
the earlier of the final maturity date of the respective bonds or until
the project financed by the bonds is terminated.  To the extent that
the bonds mature or the Purchase and Put Agreements are not extended,
the Company will repurchase and/or repay the bonds with borrowings
under its revolving credit agreement. The Company believes it will be
able to renegotiate its present credit facilities or obtain similar
replacement credit facilities when necessary in the future.

Capital Resources:
     Working capital for fiscal 2006 increased to $153,925,000 from
$121,545,000 for fiscal 2005.   The increase was due to increased cash
from operations.

     Working capital for fiscal 2005 increased to $121,545,000 from
$39,435,000 for fiscal 2004.   The increase was due to increased cash
from operations.

     Based on current expectations, management believes that its
internally generated cash flow and access to existing credit facilities
are sufficient to meet the liquidity requirements necessary to fund
operations, capital requirements, debt service and future dividend
payments.  At September 30, 2006, there was available $250,000,000
under a long-term revolver and $35,000,000 available under overnight
lines of credit.   In addition, there is approximately $30,000,000 that
could be re-borrowed under insurance policies.  It may be necessary to
obtain additional levels of financing in the event opportunities arise
for the Company to make a large strategic acquisition.

         The following table summarizes the Company's contractual
obligations, maturities and commitments.   See Notes 7 and 12 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information
regarding long-term debt and operating leases.

Less Than    1-3     3-5    More Than
                           1 Year     Years    Years   5 Years  Total

Long-term debt including
interest                  $ 3,786     2,526     599   14,211   21,122

Operating leases            1,599     2,741   2,007    3,575    9,922

Purchase obligations       72,435     5,295   3,500    5,600   86,830

Other long-term liabilities 6,772    13,297   9,887   35,020   64,976

    Total                 $84,592    23,859  15,993   58,406  182,850

      Excluded from the above table are minimum royalties on
contracts that are cancelable on short notice.

       Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements.  There are no off-balance sheet
arrangements, such as financing or variable interest entities, that
either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future
material effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition,
revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources.

      Critical Accounting Estimates.	The Consolidated Financial
Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contain
information that is pertinent to Management's Discussion and Analysis.
  The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions about
future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.
Future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute
certainty.   Therefore, the determination of estimates requires the
exercise of judgment based on various assumptions and other factors
such as historical experience, current and expected economic
conditions, and in some cases, actuarial calculations.   We constantly
review these significant factors and make adjustments where facts and
circumstances dictate.   Actual results could differ from those
estimates. Historically, actual results have not significantly deviated
from estimated results determined using the factors described above.

	Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements provides detail
on the application of these and other accounting policies.   These
critical accounting policies and Note 1 should be read in conjunction
with this Management's Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations.

	The following is a discussion of the accounting policies
considered to be most critical to the Company.   These accounting
policies are both most important to the portrayal of the financial
condition and results, and require management's most difficult,
subjective or complex judgments often as a result of the need to make
estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
Management has discussed each of these critical accounting policies
with the Audit Committee, and the Audit Committee has reviewed this
disclosure regarding Critical Accounting Estimates.

	Self-insurance reserves.   It is our policy to self insure for
certain insurable risks consisting primarily of physical loss to
property, business interruptions, workers' compensation, comprehensive
general liability, product liability and auto liability.   Insurance
coverage is obtained for catastrophic property and casualty exposures
as well as those risks required to be insured by law or contract.
Based on an independent actuary's estimate of the aggregate liability
for claims incurred, a provision for claims under the self-insured
program is recorded and adjusted monthly.   The actuarial estimates are
subject to uncertainty from various sources, including changes in claim
reporting patterns, claims settlement patterns, judicial decisions,
legislation, and economic conditions.    Although the Company believes
that the actuarial estimates are reasonable, significant differences
related to the items noted above could materially affect the Company's
self-insurance obligations and future expense.

	Long-lived assets.   The Company periodically evaluates the
period of depreciation or amortization for long-lived assets to
determine whether current circumstances warrant revised estimates of
useful lives.   The Company reviews its property, plant and equipment
for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the
carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is
measured by a comparison of the carrying amount to the net undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated by the asset.   An impairment loss
would be recorded for the excess of net carrying value over the fair
value of the asset impaired.   The fair value is estimated based on
expected discounted future cash flows.   The results of impairment
tests are subject to management's estimates and assumptions of
projected cash flows and operating results.   The Company believes
that, based on current conditions, materially different reported
results are not likely to result from long-lived asset impairments.
However, a change in assumptions or market conditions could result in a
change in estimated future cash flows and the likelihood of materially
different reported results.

	Intangible assets and goodwill.   Financial Accounting Standards
Board Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 142 ("SFAS 142"),
"Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets" requires companies to test
goodwill for impairment on an annual basis at the reporting unit level
(or an interim basis if an event occurs that might reduce the fair
value of a reporting unit below its carrying value).   The Company has
determined that it has three reporting units and the annual impairment
test will be performed as of September 30th.   SFAS 142 also requires
that the carrying value of an identifiable intangible asset that has an
indefinite life be determined by using a fair value based approach.

	The valuation of goodwill and intangibles with indefinite useful
lives for impairment requires management to use significant judgments
and estimates including, but not limited to, projected future revenue
and cash flows.   The Company believes that, based on current
conditions, materially different reported results are not likely to
result from goodwill and intangible impairments.   However, a change in
assumptions or market conditions could result in a change in estimated
future cash flows and the likelihood of materially different report
results.

	Inventory.    Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or
market.  Inventory for the aggregates segment on a quarterly basis is
based on internal estimates of production during the period.   An
outside consultant measures the volume of aggregates inventory for our
large quarries on a quarterly basis and the balance of the locations
primarily on a semi-annual basis.   Aggregates inventory is adjusted to
the amounts shown in the report of the outside consultant.

	Asset Retirement Obligation.	SFAS No. 143 and FIN 47 require
that the fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation
be recognized in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable
estimate of fair value can be made.   The fair value of the liability
is added to the carrying amount of the associated asset and this
additional carrying amount is amortized over the life of the asset.
The liability is accreted at the end of each reporting period through
charges to operating expenses.  If the obligation is settled for other
than the carrying amount of the liability, the Company will recognize a
gain or loss on settlement.   For concrete and terminal locations,
asset retirement obligations are recorded for lease-stipulated
requirements, as well as closure obligations related to storage tanks.
  For the cement and calcium segment, asset retirement obligations have
been provided for obligations to reclaim mining sites, asbestos
removal, and closure obligations related to storage tanks.  For the
aggregates segment, an asset retirement obligation was provided where
the Company has a legal obligation to reclaim the mining site and
closure obligations related to storage tanks.

      Assessments, Claims and Litigation.   From time to time, the
Company is involved with assessments, claims and litigation.   The
Company uses both in-house and outside legal counsel to assess the
probability of loss.     The Company establishes an accrual when the
claims and litigation represent a probable loss and the cost can be
reasonably estimated.   Accruals for remediation efforts are recorded
no later than the time a feasibility study is undertaken and the
Company commits to a formal plan of action.   Additionally, legal fees
associated with these matters are accrued at the time such claims are
made.   There can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution of these
assessments, claims and litigation will not differ materially from the
Company estimates.

      Employee Benefits.   Under the provisions of SFAS No.87,
"Employer's Accounting for Pensions" and SFAS No. 106, "Employer's
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions,"
measurement of the obligations under employee benefits plans are
subject to a number of assumptions.   These include the rate of return
on plan assets, health care cost trend rates and the rate at which the
future obligations are discounted to the value of the liability. (See
Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements).

      Related Party Transactions.   Patriot Transportation Holding,
Inc. ("Patriot"), a related party, hauls diesel fuel, cement and other
supplies for the Company.   Charges for such services are based on
prevailing market prices. The Company also leases various aggregate
mining and other properties paying rent or royalties based on long-term
contracts entered into during the mid 1980's and early 1990's.   In
addition, the Company provides administrative services to Patriot.
These services are provided at market prices.

	The Company has purchased from Patriot four parcels of land
during the last three years.   On May 7, 2004, the Company purchased
for $15,000,000 108 acres of land in Northern Virginia formerly leased
by the Company from Patriot and another parcel of property for
$1,638,000.      On March 31, 2004, the Company purchased a parcel of
land and improvements containing approximately 6,321 acres in Northeast
Florida for $13,000,000.   These transactions were reviewed and
approved on behalf of the Company by a committee of independent
directors after receipt of appraisals and consultation with management.

	On October 4, 2006, the Company entered into a 50-50 joint
venture with Patriot to develop property near Brooksville, Florida.
We contributed approximately 553 acres of land and Patriot contributed
approximately 3,433 acres of land which the Company leases from Patriot
under a long-term mining lease.   Florida Rock Industries' management
believes that Florida Rock Industries and Patriot may realize greater
value from the Brooksville property through development rather than
continued mining.   Florida Rock Industries will continue to conduct
mining operations on a portion of the property.   In connection with
the Joint Venture, the independent directors of the Company also
approved certain extensions of lease agreements with FRP on the
Company's corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida, the Astatula
and Marion Sand mining properties, also in Florida.   The Company and
Patriot also agreed that a 2,500 acre tract of the Grandin mine
property, in Florida, due to be released will remain subject to the
lease and available for future mining.

      New Accounting Pronouncements. In March 2005, the Emerging
Issues Task Force reached a consensus on Issue 04-6, "Accounting for
Stripping Costs Incurred during Production in the Mining Industry"
("EITF 04-6"), EITF 04-6 is effective for the Company beginning October
1, 2006 and requires that stripping costs incurred during the
production phase of the mine be included in the costs of the inventory
produced during the period that the stripping costs are incurred.   The
Company currently accounts for stripping costs consistent with the
method prescribed by EITF 04-6, and as such, it is not expected that it
will have an effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

  In March 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB")
issued Interpretation No. 47 ("FIN 47"), "Accounting for Conditional
Asset Retirement Obligations, Interpretation of FASB Statement No.
143," related to the ability to reasonably estimate the fair value of
an asset retirement obligation.   This interpretation was effective for
the Company, for the year ended September 30, 2006 and did not have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

  In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, "Inventory Costs, an
amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4."   The amendments made by SFAS 151
clarify that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight,
handling costs and wasted materials should be recognized as current
period charges and requires that the allocation of fixed production
overhead to inventory be based on the normal capacity of the production
facilities.   This Statement was effective for the Company beginning
October 1, 2005 and has not had a material impact on the consolidated
financial statements.

  In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, "Exchanges of
Nonmonetary Assets, an amendment of APB Opinion No. 29," which
eliminates the fair value measurement exception for nonmonetary
exchanges of similar productive assets and replaces it with a general
exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets that do not have
commercial substance.   This Statement was effective for the Company
beginning October 1, 2005 and has not had a material impact on the
consolidated financial statements.

  In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, "Accounting Changes and
Error Corrections."   This Statement replaces APB Opinion No. 20,
"Accounting Changes" and FAS No. 3, "Reporting Accounting Changes in
Interim Financial Statements," and changes the accounting for and
reporting of a change in accounting principle.   This Statement applies
to all voluntary changes in accounting principle and changes required
by accounting pronouncement when specific transition provisions are not
provided.   Retrospective application to all prior periods' financial
statements is required in accounting principle, unless it is
impracticable to determine the prior period specific or cumulative
effect of the change.   This Statement carries forward without change
the guidance from APB 20 regarding the correction of an error in
previously issued financial statements and the reporting of a change in
accounting estimate.   SFAS 154 is effective for accounting changes and
corrections of errors made in fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2005.

  In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in
Income Taxes - an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting
for Income Taxes," which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in
income taxes. FIN 48 prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also
provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and
penalties, accounting in interim periods and disclosure. The provisions
of FIN 48 are effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2007 and
it is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's
consolidated financial statements.

  In June 2006, the FASB ratified EITF No. 06-3, "Disclosure
Requirements for Taxes Assessed by a Government Authority on Revenue-
Producing Transactions." EITF 06-3 requires disclosure of a company's
accounting policy with respect to presentation of taxes collected on a
revenue producing transaction between a seller and a customer. For
taxes that are reported on a gross basis (included in revenue and
costs), EITF 06-3 also requires disclosure of the amount of taxes
included in the financial statements. EITF 06-3 is effective for the
Company beginning January 1, 2007 and is not expected to have a
material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

  In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. AUG
AIR-1, "Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance Activities," which
prohibits the use of the accrue-in-advance method of accounting for
planned major maintenance activities.  FSP AUG AIR-1 is effective for
the Company beginning October 1, 2007 and, as the Company does not
currently use the prohibited method, is not expected to have a material
impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

  In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued
Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108, "Considering the Effects of Prior
Year Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements," which
requires registrants to consider the effect of all carryover and
reversing effects or prior year misstatements when quantifying errors
in current year financial statements. The cumulative effect of initial
application is to be reported in the carrying amount of assets and
liabilities as of the beginning of that fiscal year, and the offset is
to be made to the opening balance of retained earnings for that year.
The provisions of SAB 108 are effective for the Company's fiscal year
ending September 30, 2007. The Company is in the process of evaluating
the requirements of SAB 108 and has not yet determined the impact, if
any, on its consolidated financial statements.

  In September 2006, the FASB ratified EITF Issue No. 06-5, "Accounting
for Purchases of Life Insurance-Determining the Amount That Could Be
Realized in Accordance with FASB Technical Bulletin No. 85-4." This
issue requires that the determination of the amount that could be
realized under an insurance contract (1) consider any additional
amounts (beyond cash surrender value) included in the contractual terms
of the policy and (2) be based on assumed surrender at the individual
policy or certificate level, unless all policies or certificates are
required to be surrendered as a group.  When it is probable that
contractual restrictions would limit the amount that could be realized,
such contractual limitations should be considered and any amounts
recoverable at the insurance company's discretion should be excluded
from the amount that could be realized. EITF 06-5 is effective for the
company beginning October 1, 2007 and the Company is in the process of
evaluating its impact, if any, on the consolidated financial
statements.

  In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value
Measurements," which defines fair value, establishes a framework for
measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and
expands disclosures about fair value measurements. SFAS 157 is
effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2008 and the Company is
evaluating the impact, if any, of this Statement on its consolidated
financial statements.

  In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers'
Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans-
an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)." This
Statement requires the Company to recognize the overfunded or
underfunded status of its defined benefit postretirement plans as an
asset or liability in its balance sheet and to recognize changes in
that funded status in the year in which the changes occur through
comprehensive income. This Statement also requires the measurement of
defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the date of the
Company's fiscal year end.  SFAS 158 is effective for the Company as of
September 30, 2007, with the exception of the measurement date
provisions, which are effective for the Company's fiscal year ending
September 30, 2009. The Company is evaluating the impact, if any, of
this Statement on its consolidated financial statements.

     Outlook.   Residential construction in our markets continues to
show significant weakness, with non-residential showing a slight dip in
the most recent quarter and highway opportunities still better year
over year.

     During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, the level of
construction activity in the residential sector decreased resulting in
a reduction in volumes in our concrete products and cement segments.
The volumes in these segments in fiscal 2007 have continued to be
depressed from fiscal 2006 levels.   In addition, recently prices for
our products have stabilized.   During fiscal 2007, the Company may not
be able to continue the price increases that were obtained in the last
few years.

     For further discussion of the issues surrounding the Miami quarry,
refer to Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     For our cement grinding and import facilities, our purchases are
under a three year contract that expires at the end of 2006.
Currently the purchases are at prices below the current spot prices for
the product.   The prices paid upon the expiration of the contract will
depend on market prices at that time for the product and shipping
rates. It is currently estimated that the prices paid could increase
$12-15 million in fiscal 2007.

     Inflation.  In the past five years the Company has been able to
raise the price of its core products in amounts that generally offset
or exceed inflation as measured by the Consumer Price Index.

     Forward-Looking Statements.	Certain matters discussed in this
report contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those indicated by such forward-looking statements.   These forward-
looking statements relate to, among other things, capital expenditures,
liquidity, capital resources, and competition and may be indicated by
words or phrases such as "anticipate," "estimate," "plans," "project,"
"continuing," "ongoing," "expects," "contemplates," "management
believes," "the Company believes," "the Company intends," and similar
words or phrases.   The following factors are among the principal
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the
forward-looking statements: availability and terms of financing; the
weather; competition; levels of construction activity in the Company's
markets; cement shipments; fuel and electric costs; transportation
costs; inflation; quality and quantities of the Company's aggregates
reserves; residential and nonresidential construction; public spending
for federal highways and infrastructure; governmental regulations;
ocean shipping rates; and management's ability to determine appropriate
sales mix, plant location and capacity utilization.

     However, this list is not a complete statement of all potential
risks or uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are made as of
the date hereof based on management's current expectations and the
Company does not undertake, and affirmatively disclaims, an obligation
to update such statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Additional information regarding these and
other risks factors may be found in the Company's other filings made
from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Quarterly Results (unaudited)

(Dollars in thousands except per share amounts)

Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management of Florida Rock is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.    Florida
Rock's internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance
to the Company's management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.   All internal controls
systems, no matter how well designed have inherent limitations.    Therefore,
even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable
assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

Florida Rock's management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 based on
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework.   Based
on this assessment, management believes that, as of September 30, 2006, the
Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Management's assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 has been audited by
KPMG LLP, the Company's independent registered public accounting firm, as
stated in their report, which expresses unqualified opinions on management's
assessment and on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2006.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.:

We have audited management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting that Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on
criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal
control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness
and internal control over financial reporting.   Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on management's assessment and an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting
based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).   Those standards required that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects.   Our audit included obtaining an understanding of
internal control over financial reporting, evaluating management's
assessment, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control, and performing such other procedures as we considered
necessary in the circumstances.   We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.   A company's
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that(1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable
detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of
the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements.   Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management's assessment that Florida Rock maintained
effective internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006,
is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on criteria established in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).   Also, in our opinion,
Florida Rock maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on criteria
established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Commitment
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets
of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006
and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders'
equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years then ended, and
our report dated December 6, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion on those
consolidated financial statements.

KPMG LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
December 6, 2006

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of September 30, 2006
and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders'
equity and comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years then ended.
These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and 2005, and
the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then
ended, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company
changed its method of computing share-based compensation as of October 1,
2005.

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the effectiveness of the
Company's internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006,
based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO), and our report dated December 6, 2006 expressed an
unqualified opinion on management's assessment of, and the effective
operation of, internal control over financial reporting.

KPMG LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
December 6, 2006

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.
Jacksonville, Florida

We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of income,
shareholders' equity, and cash flows of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and
subsidiaries (the "Company") for the year September 30, 2004.    These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based
on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States).  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all
material respects, the results of operations and cash flows of the Company
for the year ended September 30, 2004 in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP
Certified Public Accountants

Jacksonville, Florida
December 1, 2004 (December 14, 2005 as to the effects of the stock split
described in Note 1)

Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Income Years ended September 30

(Dollars and shares in thousands except per share amounts)

                                                    2006     2005      2004

Net sales                                      $1,328,271 1,126,608  926,609
  Freight revenues                                 39,518    26,844   21,910
    Total sales                                 1,367,789 1,153,452  948,519

Cost of sales                                     882,341   775,247  671,506
Freight expense                                    39,745    26,963   21,811
    Total cost of sales                           922,086   802,210  693,317

Gross profit                                      445,703   351,242  255,202
Selling, general and administrative expenses      129,797   108,136   92,441
Gain on sales of real estate                       (3,569)   (6,367) (13,167)

Operating profit                                  319,475   249,473  175,928
Interest expense                                     (259)   (1,555)  (2,126)
Interest income                                     3,161     1,260      786
Other income, net                                   7,707     6,454    3,365
Income before income taxes                        330,084   255,632  177,953
Provision for income taxes                        118,675    97,979   64,283

  Net income                                    $ 211,409   157,653  113,670

Earnings per common share:
   Basic                                        $    3.22      2.41     1.75
   Diluted                                      $    3.16      2.36     1.72

Weighted average number of shares used in
computing earnings per common shares:
   Basic                                            65,621   65,306   64,810
   Diluted                                          66,829   66,764   66,133

See accompanying notes.

Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Balance Sheets September 30
(Dollars in thousands)
                                                     2006            2005
Assets
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                     $   93,353          68,921
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for
   doubtful accounts of $2,530($2,301 in 2005)     150,088         146,501
  Inventories                                       53,015          43,682
  Deferred income taxes                              3,696           3,605
  Prepaid expenses and other                         5,039           4,116

          Total current assets                     305,191         266,825
Other assets                                        64,305          54,684
Goodwill                                           176,752         152,982
Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
  Depletable land                                  157,536         149,862
  Other land                                        81,839          77,811
  Plant and equipment                              966,363         885,855
  Construction in process                           81,976          20,977
                                                 1,287,714       1,134,505
  Less accumulated depreciation, depletion
          and amortization                         597,702         556,005
          Net property, plant and equipment        690,012         578,500
                                                $1,236,260      $1,052,991
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                              $   82,327          73,128
  Dividends payable                                      -           9,832
  Federal and state income taxes                         -             433
  Accrued payroll and benefits                      50,670          42,084
  Accrued insurance reserves, current portion        3,196           5,303
  Accrued liabilities, other                        11,794          13,003
  Long-term debt due within one year                 3,279           1,497
          Total current liabilities                151,266         145,280

Long-term debt                                      16,423          18,437
Deferred income taxes                               92,449          87,789
Accrued employee benefits                           22,329          24,659
Long-term accrued insurance reserves                19,423          14,103
Other accrued liabilities                           18,474          14,790
          Total liabilities                        320,364         305,058

Commitments and contingent liabilities
  (Notes 2, 4, 7, 11, 12, 16 and 17)
Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, no par value;
       10,000,000 shares authorized, none issued         -               -
  Common stock, $.10 par value;
      100,000,000 shares authorized,65,809,776
       shares issued (65,547,811 shares in 2005)     6,581           6,555
  Capital in excess of par value                    46,171          33,897
  Retained earnings                                884,763         712,719
  Less cost of treasury stock; 478,390 shares	   (18,421)              -
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax  (3,198)         (5,238)
         Total shareholders' equity                915,896         747,933
                                                $1,236,260       1,052,991

See accompanying notes.

Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended September 30
(Dollars in thousands)
                                                     2006     2005      2004
Cash flows from operating activities:
  Net income                                      $ 211,409  157,653  113,670
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to
   net cash provided by operating activities:
     Depreciation, depletion and amortization        74,687   64,558   63,628
     Deferred income tax provision                    3,288   13,747   10,350
     Provision for doubtful accounts                    273      258      777
     Gain on disposition of property, plant and
       equipment and other assets                    (8,595) (12,744) (16,181)
     Dividends from affiliates                          338      984    1,202
     Income tax benefit from exercise of stock
      options                                            -     7,145    3,269
     Stock option expense                             5,192	       -        -
     Net changes in operating assets and
       liabilities, net of businesses acquired:
       Accounts receivable                           (1,930) (39,759)  (1,244)
       Inventories                                   (9,008)  (6,776)   1,980
       Prepaid expenses and other                      (982)     837      504
       Accounts payable and accrued liabilities      19,127   39,486   19,960
     Other, net                                      (2,080)    (461)  (1,052)
Net cash provided by operating activities           291,719  224,928  196,863

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchase of property, plant and equipment        (158,929)(125,546)(104,552)
  Proceeds from the sale of property, plant and
    equipment and other assets                        9,384   35,560   27,461
  Additions to other assets                         (12,712)  (4,846) (10,970)
  Business acquisitions, net of cash acquired       (44,030) (14,342)       -
  Long-term cash released from escrow                     -    2,915        -
  Collection of notes receivable and advance to
    affiliates                                          341        -       39
  Proceeds from life insurance                            -    4,776        -
  Net cash used in investing activities            (205,946)(101,483) (88,022)

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Repayment of long-term debt                          (232) (25,723) (75,433)
  Exercise of employee stock options                  3,949    4,549    3,116
  Excess tax benefits from exercise of stock
    options                                           4,037        -        -
  Repurchase of Company common stock                (19,898)      (8)      (5)
  Payment of dividends                              (49,197) (79,233) (28,763)
Net cash used in financing activities               (61,341)(100,415)(101,085)

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents            24,432   23,030    7,756

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year       68,921   45,891   38,135
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year           $ 93,353   68,921   45,891

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:
  Cash paid during the year for:
     Interest expense, net of amount capitalized   $    201    1,734    2,126
     Income taxes                                  $118,549   84,430   45,496
  Non-cash investing and financing activities:
     Additions to property, plant and equipment
       from exchanges                              $  4,010    4,652      104
     Additions to other assets from selling
       property, plant and equipment for a
       prepaid royalty agreement                   $      -        -    1,000
     Additions to property, plant and equipment
       financed by issuing debt                    $      -    1,276        -

See accompanying notes.

Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity and Comprehensive Income
Years ended September 30

(Dollars in thousands except share and per share amounts)
 
See accompanying notes.

Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

1. Accounting policies. CONSOLIDATION - The consolidated financial statements
include the accounts of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and its more than 50%
owned subsidiaries and joint ventures (the "Company").  These statements have
been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.
All significant intercompany transactions have been eliminated in
consolidation.  Investments in joint ventures 50% or less owned are accounted
for under the equity method of accounting.

  COMMON STOCK SPLIT - On May 4, 2005, the Board of Directors approved a 3 for
2 common stock split.   Shareholders of record as of June 15, 2005, received
one additional share for each two shares held.   The stock split was effected
in the form of a stock dividend on July 1, 2005.   All share and per share
amounts for all prior periods have been restated to reflect the stock split.

  INVENTORIES - Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.  Cost
for parts and supplies inventory at the cement plant are determined under the
first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.  Cost for other inventories is principally
determined under the last-in, first-out (LIFO).   Cost of inventories includes
raw materials, direct labor and production costs.

  REVENUE RECOGNITION - Revenue, net of discounts, is recognized on the sale of
products at the time the products are shipped, all significant contractual
obligations have been satisfied and the collection of the resulting accounts
receivable is reasonably assured.   Amounts billed customers for delivery costs
are classified as a component of total sales and the related delivery costs are
classified as a component of total cost of sales.

  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - Provision for depreciation of plant and
equipment is computed using the straight-line method based on the following
estimated useful lives:

                                                      Years
	Buildings and improvements                       8-39
	Machinery and equipment:
	 Water towing equipment	                           18
	 Plants and related equipment                    8-20
	 Ancillary equipment                             3-25
	Automobiles and trucks	                         3-08
	Furniture and fixtures                           3-10

Depletion of sand and stone deposits is determined on the basis of units of
production in relation to estimated proven reserves.   Proven reserves are
estimated by our geologists based upon results of sampling and other scientific
methods and techniques.   Depletion was $1,306,000, $1,232,000 and $2,696,000
for the years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.   Units of
production were 15,493,000, 17,554,000 and 22,415,000 for years ended September
30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.  Total estimated proven reserves at
September 30, 2006 were 747,000,000 tons for owned properties and 1,052,000,000
tons for leased properties.

The Company capitalized interest on construction activities of $898,000 and
$78,000 for the years ended September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

  REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE - Repair and maintenance costs are expensed as
incurred.   Renewals and betterments that add to the utility or useful lives of
property, plant and equipment are capitalized.   Costs of planned major
maintenance activities at the cement plant are expensed in the period in which
they are incurred. The Company expensed planned maintenance of $4,100,000 in
fiscal 2006, as compared to $2,800,000 in fiscal 2005. Planned maintenance
costs typically results in an overhaul to the wear parts of the major operating
components. Since the cement manufacturing process is continuous, the
coordination of the repair to multiple components is paramount. Items that
would typically be inspected, repaired and/or replaced during an outage would
include:  chain and belt conveyers, idlers, rollers, mill journals, impact
hammers, grinding table liners, separator blades, mill liners, bearings, fans,
ductwork, airslides, grinding media, refractory, castable and shell
replacement.

 Planned maintenance costs incurred are included in the cost of sales line item
in the accompanying statements of income.

  GOODWILL - Goodwill is not amortized, but reviewed for impairment annually or
more frequently if certain indicators arise.   The annual impairment tests
resulted in no impairment of goodwill.  Goodwill is tested for impairment
annually on September 30th at the reporting unit level unless an event occurs
during the year that might reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its
carrying value.

  VALUATION OF LONG-LIVED ASSETS - Long-lived assets are periodically reviewed
for potential impairment.   If this review indicates that the carrying amount
of the asset may not be recoverable, estimates of the future cash flows
expected with regards to the asset and its eventual disposition are made.   If
the sum of these future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges)
is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss based on the
fair value of the asset is recorded.

  INCOME TAXES - The Company uses the asset and liability approach to financial
reporting for income taxes.  Under this method, deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized based on differences between financial statement
carrying values and tax bases of assets and liabilities using presently enacted
tax rates.  Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences between
pre-tax income reported in the financial statements and taxable income.

  STOCK OPTIONS - The Company has a stock option plan under which options for
shares of common stock may be granted to directors, officers and key employees.
Prior to October 1, 2005, the Company accounted for stock options under the
intrinsic value method of APB Opinion No. 25.   Accordingly, no compensation
expense was recognized because the exercise price of the stock options was
equal to the market price of the stock on the date of grant.

Effective October 1, 2005, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123R, "Share-Based
Payment," which requires the Company to recognize compensation expense for the
fair value of stock-based compensation awards.   As permitted by FAS 123R, the
Company elected the modified prospective transition method, and as such,
results from prior periods have not been restated.  Under the modified
prospective method, compensation expense associated with stock options
recognized in fiscal 2006 includes: 1) expense related to the remaining
unvested portion of all stock option awards granted prior to October 1, 2005,
based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance with the original
provisions of SFAS 123R; and 2) expense related to all stock option awards
granted subsequent to October 1, 2005, based on the grant date fair value
estimated in accordance with the provisions of SFAS 123R.   (See Note 9 to the
consolidated financial statements)

  EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE - Basic earnings per share ("EPS") is based on the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
Diluted EPS is based on the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding and potential dilution of securities that could share in earnings.
The only difference between basic and diluted shares used for the calculation
is the effect of employee stock options.

CASH EQUIVALENTS - All highly liquid debt instruments with maturities of
three months or less at the time of purchase are considered to be cash
equivalents.

  CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT RISK - The Company's operations are principally
located within the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States.
 It sells construction materials and grants credit to customers, substantially
all of whom are related to the construction industry.

  ASSET RETIREMENT OBLIGATIONS - The Company records an asset retirement
obligation if a legal obligation exists for the retirement of an asset, the
fair value of the liability is recorded and a corresponding amount added to the
carrying value.  The additional carrying value is amortized over the life of
the asset. The liability is accreted at the end of each period through charges
to operating expenses.   If the obligation is settled for other than the
carrying amount of the liability, a gain or loss on settlement is recognized
(see Note 2).

  DERIVATIVES - SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities" requires companies to record derivatives on the balance
sheet as assets and liabilities measured at fair value.   Gains or losses
resulting from changes in the values of those derivatives would be accounted
for depending on the use of the derivative and whether it qualifies for hedge
accounting.   All derivatives whether designated in hedging relationships or
not, are required to be reported on the balance sheet at fair value.

  RISK INSURANCE - The Company's self-insurance retention per occurrence is
$3,000,000 for automobile liability ("Risk Insurance"). For workers
compensation and general liability, the self-insurance retention is $1,000,000
per occurrence with an aggregate of $2,000,000 for general liability.  The
Company accrues monthly its estimated cost in connection with its portion of
its Risk Insurance losses.  Claims paid are charged against the reserve.
Additionally, the Company maintains a reserve for incurred but not reported
claims based on historical analysis of such claims.

  USE OF ESTIMATES - The preparation of financial statements in conformity with
U.S generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period.  Actual results could differ from those estimates.

  ENVIRONMENTAL - Environmental expenditures that benefit future periods are
capitalized.  Expenditures that relate to an existing condition caused by past
operations, and which do not contribute to current or future revenue
generation, are expensed.  Liabilities are recorded when environmental
assessments and/or remedial efforts are probable, and the costs can be
reasonably estimated.  Estimation of such liabilities is extremely complex.
Some factors that must be assessed are engineering estimates, continually
evolving governmental laws and standards, and potential involvement of other
potentially responsible parties.

  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME - Comprehensive income consists of net income and, in
2006 and 2005 respectively, a $3,321,000 decrease and a $8,528,000 increase in
the minimum pension liability, net of income taxes of $1,281,000 and
$3,290,000, respectively. There are no differences in net income and
comprehensive income for the year ended September 30, 2004.

  NEW ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS - In March 2005, the Emerging Issues Task Force
reached a consensus on Issue 04-6, "Accounting for Stripping Costs Incurred
during Production in the Mining Industry" ("EITF 04-6"), EITF 04-6 is effective
for the Company beginning October 1, 2006 and requires that stripping costs
incurred during the production phase of the mine be included in the costs of
the inventory produced during the period that the stripping costs are incurred.
  The Company currently accounts for stripping costs consistent with the method
prescribed by EITF 04-6, and as such, it is not expected that it will have an
effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

  In March 2005, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued
Interpretation No. 47 ("FIN 47"), "Accounting for Conditional Asset Retirement
Obligations, Interpretation of FASB Statement No. 143, " related to the ability
to reasonably estimate the fair value of an asset retirement obligation.   This
interpretation was effective for the Company, for the year ended September 30,
2006 and did not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

  In November 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 151, "Inventory Costs, an
amendment of ARB No. 43, Chapter 4."   The amendments made by SFAS 151 clarify
that abnormal amounts of idle facility expense, freight, handling costs and
wasted materials should be recognized as current period charges and requires
that the allocation of fixed production overhead to inventory be based on the
normal capacity of the production facilities.   This Statement was effective
for the Company beginning October 1, 2005 and has not had a material impact on
the consolidated financial statements.

  In December 2004, the FASB issued SFAS No. 153, "Exchanges of Nonmonetary
Assets, an amendment of APB Opinion No. 29," which eliminates the fair value
measurement exception for nonmonetary exchanges of similar productive assets
and replaces it with a general exception for exchanges of nonmonetary assets
that do not have commercial substance.   This Statement was effective for the
Company beginning October 1, 2005 and has not had a material impact on the
consolidated financial statements.

  In May 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 154, "Accounting Changes and Error
Corrections."   This Statement replaces APB Opinion No. 20, "Accounting
Changes" and FAS No. 3, "Reporting Accounting Changes in Interim Financial
Statements," and changes the accounting for and reporting of a change in
accounting principle. This Statement applies to all voluntary changes in
accounting principle and changes required by accounting pronouncement when
specific transition provisions are not provided.   Retrospective application to
all prior periods' financial statements is required in accounting principle,
unless it is impracticable to determine the prior period specific or cumulative
effect of the change.   This Statement carries forward without change the
guidance from APB 20 regarding the correction of an error in previously issued
financial statements and the reporting of a change in accounting estimate.
This statement is effective for the Company beginning October 1, 2006.

  In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes - an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes," which clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes. FIN 48
prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial
statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be
taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides guidance on derecognition,
classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods and
disclosure. The provisions of FIN 48 are effective for the Company beginning
October 1, 2007 and it is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

In June 2006, the FASB ratified EITF No. 06-3, "Disclosure Requirements for
Taxes Assessed by a Government Authority on Revenue-Producing Transactions."
EITF 06-3 requires disclosure of a company's accounting policy with respect to
presentation of taxes collected on a revenue producing transaction between a
seller and a customer. For taxes that are reported on a gross basis (included
in revenue and costs), EITF 06-3 also requires disclosure of the amount of
taxes included in the financial statements. The Company records taxes on a net
basis.   EITF 06-3 is effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2007 and
it is not expected to have a material effect on the Company's consolidated
financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued FASB Staff Position (FSP) No. AUG AIR-1,
"Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance Activities," which prohibits the use
of the accrue-in-advance method of accounting for planned major maintenance
activities.  FSP AUG AIR-1 is effective for the Company beginning October 1,
2007 and, as the Company does not currently use the prohibited method, it  is
not expected to have a material impact on the Company's consolidated financial
statements.

In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 108, "Considering the Effects of Prior Year
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements," which requires registrants
to consider the effect of all carryover and reversing effects or prior year
misstatements when quantifying errors in current year financial statements. The
cumulative effective of initial application is to be reported in the carrying
amount of assets and liabilities as of the beginning of that fiscal year, and
the offsetting is to be made to the opening balance of retained earnings for
that year. The provisions of SAB 108 are effective for the Company's fiscal
year ending September 30, 2007. The Company is in the process of evaluating the
requirements of SAB 108 and has net yet determined the impact, if any, on its
consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB ratified EITF Issue No. 06-5, "Accounting for
Purchases of Life Insurance-Determining the Amount That Could Be Realized in
Accordance with FASB Technical Bulletin No. 85-4." This issue requires that the
determination of the amount that could be realized under an insurance contract
(1) consider any additional amounts (beyond cash surrender value) included in
the contractual terms of the policy and (2) be based on assumed surrender at
the individual policy or certificate level, unless all policies or certificates
are required to be surrendered as a group.  When it is probable that
contractual restrictions would limit the amount that could be realized, such
contractual limitations should be considered and any amounts recoverable at the
insurance company's discretion should be excluded from the amount that could be
realized. EITF 06-5 is effective for the company beginning October 1, 2007 and
the Company is in the process of evaluating its impact, if any, on the
consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements,"
which defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair value in
generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair
value measurements. SFAS 157 is effective for the Company beginning October 1,
2008 and the Company is evaluating the impact, if any, of this Statement on its
consolidated financial statements.

In September 2006, the FASB issued SFAS No. 158, "Employers' Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans-an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)." This Statement requires the Company to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of its defined benefit
postretirement plans as an asset or liability in its balance sheet and to
recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur
through comprehensive income. This Statement also requires the measurement of
defined benefit plan assets and obligations as of the date of the Company's
fiscal year end.  SFAS 158 is effective for the Company as of September 30,
2007, with the exception of the measurement date provisions, which are
effective for the Company's fiscal year ending September 30, 2009. The Company
is evaluating the impact, if any, of this Statement on its consolidated
financial statements.

2.  Asset Retirement Obligation.  Asset retirement obligations are recorded for
legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that
result from the acquisition, construction, development and (or) normal use of
the asset.

The fair value of a liability for an asset retirement obligation is recognized
in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value
can be made.  The fair value of the liability is added to the carrying amount
of the associated asset and this additional carrying amount is amortized over
the life of the asset.   The liability is accreted at the end of each reporting
period through charges to operating expenses.   If the obligation is settled
for other than the carrying amount of the liability, the Company will recognize
a gain or loss on settlement.

For concrete and terminal locations, asset retirement obligations are recorded
for lease-stipulated requirements, as well as closure obligations related to
storage tanks.   For the cement and calcium segment, asset retirement
obligations have been provided for obligations to reclaim mining sites,
asbestos removal, and closure obligations related to storage tanks.  For the
aggregates segment, an asset retirement obligation was provided where the
Company has a legal obligation to reclaim the mining site and closure
obligations related to storage tanks.

The current and long-term portions of the asset retirement obligation are
recorded in accrued liabilities, other and other accrued liabilities,
respectively in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

The analysis of the asset retirement obligation for years ended September 30 is
as follows (in thousands):

                                             2006           2005
    Balance at beginning of period         $ 9,060       $ 9,033
    Additional liabilities                   2,148         1,736
    Cash flow revisions                      2,295             -
    Accretion of expenses                      489           404
    Payment of obligations                    (481)       (2,113)

       Balance at end of period            $13,511       $ 9,060

3. Acquisitions.   During the year ended September 30, 2006, the Company
acquired a small quarry and a small concrete operation for a combined cost of
$44,030,000. Goodwill of $23,770,000 was recorded for the excess of the
purchase price over the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed
liabilities.   The results of operations of these acquisitions are immaterial
to the results of the Company.

4. Transactions with related parties.  As of September 30, 2006, four of the
Company's directors were also directors of Patriot Transportation Holding, Inc.
("Patriot").  Such directors own approximately 46% of the stock of Patriot and
26% of the stock of the Company.  Accordingly, Patriot and the Company are
considered related parties.

   Patriot, through its transportation subsidiaries, hauls diesel fuel, cement
and other supplies for the Company.  Charges for these services are based on
prevailing market prices.   Other wholly owned subsidiaries of Patriot lease
certain construction aggregates mining and other properties to the Company.
The Company paid rents, royalties and transportation charges to subsidiaries of
Patriot totaling $8,686,000 in 2006, $6,728,000 in 2005 and $7,623,000 in 2004.

   The Company furnishes certain administrative and property services to
Patriot and its subsidiaries.   Income earned for these services was $207,000
in 2006, $174,000 in 2005 and $372,000 in 2004.

   At September 30, 2006 and 2005, the Company had net accounts payable to
Patriot of $440,000 and, $288,000, respectively.

   The Company has purchased from Patriot four parcels of land during the last
three years.   On May 7, 2004, the Company purchased for $15,000,000, 108 acres
of land in Northern Virginia previously leased by the Company from Patriot and
another parcel of property for $1,638,000.  On March 31, 2004, the Company
purchased a parcel of land and improvements containing approximately 6,321
acres in Northeast Florida for $13,000,000. These transactions were reviewed
and approved on behalf of the Company by a committee of independent directors
after receipt of appraisals and consultation with management.

   On October 4, 2006, the Company entered into a 50-50 joint venture with
Patriot to develop property near Brooksville, Florida.    We contributed
approximately 553 acres of land and Patriot contributed approximately 3,433
acres of land which the Company leases from Patriot under a long-term mining
lease.   Florida Rock Industries' management believes that Florida Rock
Industries and Patriot may realize greater value from the Brooksville property
through development rather than continued mining.   Florida Rock Industries
will continue to conduct mining operations on a portion of the property.   In
connection with the Joint Venture, the independent directors of the Company
also approved certain extensions of lease agreements with FRP on the Company's
corporate headquarters in Jacksonville, Florida, the Astatula and Marion Sand
mining properties, also in Florida.   The Company and Patriot also agreed that
a 2,500 acre tract of the Grandin mine property, in Florida, due to be released
will remain subject to the lease and available for future mining.

   5. Inventories. Inventories at September 30 consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                            2006            2005

Finished products                       $ 29,312          25,850
Raw materials                              9,232           6,923
Work in progress                           2,382             636
Parts and supplies                        12,089          10,273
                                        $ 53,015          43,682

The excess of current cost over the LIFO stated values of inventories was
$12,018,000 and $9,423,000 at September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

   During fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, certain inventory quantities increased
which combined with increased unit costs resulted in increases to the LIFO
reserve.  The effects increased costs of sales by $2,595,000, $2,804,000 and
$1,714,000, respectively.

6. Other assets. Other assets at September 30 consisted of the following (in
thousands):
                                           2006            2005
Cash surrender value of life
  insurance                             $ 30,723          28,906
Investment in and advances
  to joint ventures                       12,890          12,758
Real estate                                8,187           2,277
Other                                     12,505          10,743
                                        $ 64,305          54,684

   In late November 2006 the Company decided to review the long-term strategy
of its joint ventures that operate and sell from a quarry in Canada. The
Company's alternatives include, but are not limited to, continuing to operate
the quarry, selling its investment, or closing the quarry. At the present time,
it is not possible to determine the amount the Company will realize if it does
not continue to operate the quarry. At September 30, 2006, the investment in
and advances to these joint ventures were $11,224,000.

7. Lines of credit and debt. Long-term debt at September 30 is summarized as
follows (in thousands):
                                           2006             2005
Unsecured notes:
    8%-10% notes                        $    275             447
Industrial development
  revenue bonds                           17,550          17,550
7% - 8.75% secured notes                   1,877           1,937
                                          19,702          19,934
Less portion due within
    one year                               3,279           1,497
                                        $ 16,423          18,437

   Of the industrial development revenue bonds at September 30, 2006,
$3,550,000 is due between 2012 and 2021.  The bonds provide for quarterly
interest payments between 70.5% and 71.5% of the prime rate (8.25% at September
30, 2006).  The bonds are subject to Purchase and Put Agreements with several
banks whereby the bondholders may, at their option, sell the bonds to the
Company during the following fiscal years:   $1,775,000 in 2007 and $1,775,000
in 2008. The bonds are collateralized by certain property, plant and equipment
having no carrying value at September 30, 2006.     The remaining $14,000,000
of industrial revenue bonds is due in 2022, and is secured by a letter of
credit. The interest rate on these bonds is a variable rate established weekly.
  The average rate on the bonds was 3.3% and 2.2% for fiscal 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

  The secured notes and contracts are collateralized by certain real estate
having a carrying value of approximately $2,917,000 at September 30, 2006 and
are payable in installments through 2015.

  The aggregate amount of principal payments due subsequent to September 30,
2006, assuming that all of the industrial development revenue bondholders
exercise their options to sell the bonds to the Company is: 2007 - $3,279,000,
2008 - $1,964,000, 2009 - $78,000, 2010 - $83,000, 2011 - $86,000 subsequent
years - $14,212,000.

  The Company has a revolving credit facility, which is syndicated through a
group of six commercial banks under which it may borrow up to $250,000,000.
The credit facility expires on June 30, 2009.   A commitment fee of .1% is paid
on the unused portion of the total credit.   At September 30, 2006, no balance
was outstanding under the credit agreement.

  The credit agreement contains financial covenants requiring maintenance of
certain debt to total capitalization and interest coverage ratios.  In
addition, the covenants restrict activities regarding investments and leasing
and borrowing.  At September 30, 2006, the Company was in compliance with all
covenants contained in the credit agreement.

  The Company also has available short-term lines of credit from two banks
aggregating $35,000,000.   At September 30, 2006, no borrowings were
outstanding. Under these lines the Company may borrow funds for a period of one
to ninety days.  There is no commitment fee and the banks can terminate the
lines at any time.  The interest rate is determined at the time of each
borrowing.

8. Preferred Shareholder Rights Plan.   On May 5, 1999, the Board of Directors
declared a dividend of eight preferred share purchase rights (a "Right") for
each twenty-seven outstanding shares of common stock (after giving effect to
stock splits effected subsequent to May 5, 1999).   The dividend was paid on
June 11, 1999.   Each right entitles the registered holder to purchase from the
Company one one-hundredth of a share of Series A Junior Participating Preferred
Stock, par value $.01 per share (the "Preferred Shares"), at a price of $145
per one one-hundredth of a Preferred Share, subject to adjustment.

   In the event that any Person or group of affiliated or associated Persons
(an "Acquiring Person") acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the
Company's outstanding common stock, each holder of a Right, other than Rights
beneficially owned by the Acquiring Person (which will thereafter be void),
will thereafter have the right to receive upon exercise that number of Common
Shares having a market value of two times the exercise price of the Right.   An
Acquiring Person excludes any Person or group of affiliated or associated
Persons who were beneficial owners, individually or collectively, of 15% or
more of the Common Shares on May 4, 1999.

  The rights will initially trade together with the common stock and will not
be exercisable.   However, if an Acquiring Person acquires 15% or more of the
common stock the rights may become exercisable and trade separately in the
absence of future board action.   The Board of Directors may, at its option,
redeem all rights for $.01 per right, at any time prior to the rights becoming
exercisable. The rights will expire September 30, 2009 unless earlier redeemed,
exchanged or amended by the Board.

9. Stock option plan.  The Company has a stock option plan under which options
for shares of common stock may be granted to directors, officers and key
employees.   Prior to October 1, 2005, the Company accounted for stock options
under the intrinsic value method of APB Opinion No. 25.   Accordingly, no
compensation expense was recognized because the exercise price of the stock
options was equal to the market price of the stock on the date of grant.

Effective October 1, 2005, the Company adopted SFAS No. 123R, "Share-Based
Payment," which requires the Company to recognize compensation expense for the
fair value of stock-based compensation awards.   As permitted by SFAS 123R, the
Company elected the modified prospective transition method, and as such,
results from prior periods have not been restated.  Under the modified
prospective method, the Company must record stock-based compensation expense
for all awards granted after October 1, 2005 and for the unvested portion of
previously granted awards outstanding prior to October 1, 2005.

The Company grants stock options to officers and key employees that become
exercisable in five equal annual installments, subject to continued employment.
 Compensation expense for these awards is recognized on a straight-line basis
over the five-year vesting period.   Typically, the annual vesting date occurs
in the first quarter of the fiscal year.   For fiscal years 2005 and 2006, the
Company also granted 1,000 options to each of its non-employee directors for
each regular board meeting that they attend.   Effective October 1, 2006, non-
employee directors will receive annually in December stock options valued at
$50,000 using the Black Scholes option-pricing model. Options granted to
directors are immediately exercisable and therefore the entire expense related
to these options is recorded at the date of grant. The Company will issue new
shares for the exercise of stock options unless there are shares available in
treasury. At September 30, 2006, 881,000 shares of common stock were available
for future grants.

Compensation cost related to the unvested portion of awards was estimated in
accordance with the original provisions of SFAS 123, adjusted for estimated
forfeitures.  Compensation cost for all stock-based awards granted after the
adoption dated was determined based on grant-date fair value estimated in
accordance with SFAS 123R. For the year ended September 30, 2006, compensation
cost related to stock-based awards was $5,192,000. Tax benefits recognized
related to stock-based compensation for year ended September 30, 2006 were
$2,003,000.

The Company used the Black Scholes option-pricing model to determine fair value
before and after the adoption of SFAS 123R.   The fair value of options granted
during the years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was estimated using
the following weighted average assumptions:

                                           2006      2005      2004

     Expected dividend yield               1.17%     1.41%     1.73%
     Expected volatility                  34.32%    26.81%    23.81%
     Risk-free interest rate               4.52%     4.08%     3.98%
     Expected life of stock
       options - years                      7.2         7         7

     Expected volatility is based on the Company's historical stock prices.

     The following table summarizes stock option activity for the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2006:

                                  Weighted    Weighted
                                          Average     Average     Aggregate
                                          Exercise    Remaining   Intrinsic
                               Options     Price       Life       Value

     Outstanding on
        September 30, 2005   3,591,926     16.81

      Granted                  383,900     51.47
      Exercised               (299,575)    13.21
      Canceled                 (45,625)    42.93

      Outstanding on
        September 30, 2006   3,630,626     20.45       5.1     $ 66,305,043
      Exercisable on
        September 30, 2006   2,348,914     13.26       3.7     $ 59,783,471

The weighted average grant-date fair values for the years ended September 30,
2006, 2005 and 2004 were $20.86, $11.96 and $10.49, respectively.  The total
intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended September 30, 2006,
2005 and 2004 was $12,010,000, $18,522,000 and $8,688.000, respectively.

The total tax benefits for year ended September 30, 2006 were $4,636,000 of
which $4,037,000 were excess tax benefits and reported as cash flows from
financing activities. Prior to the adoption of FAS 123R, these tax benefits
would have been classified as cash flows from operating activities.

As of September 30, 2006, there is $10,821,000 of unrecognized compensation
expense related to nonvested option awards that is expected to be recognized
over a weighted average period of 2.7 years.

During fiscal years 2005 and 2004, the Company accounted for its stock option
plans using the intrinsic value method prescribed by APB 25 and provided the
pro forma disclosures required by SFAS 123.   The following presents pro forma
income and per share data as if a fair value based method had been used to
account for stock based compensation for the fiscal years ended September 30,
2005 and 2004 (in thousands except per share amounts):

                                                    2005            2004

Reported net income                              $157,653         113,670
Compensation cost determined
 under fair value based
 method, net of income tax                         (2,892)         (2,134)

Pro forma net income                             $154,761         111,536
Basic earnings per share:
 Reported net income                             $   2.41            1.75
 Compensation cost, net of
  income taxes                                       (.04)           (.03)
 Pro forma basic earnings
  per share                                      $   2.37            1.72

Diluted earnings per share:
 Reported net income                             $   2.36            1.72
 Compensation cost, net of
  income taxes                                       (.04)           (.03)
 Pro forma diluted earnings
  per share                                      $   2.32            1.69

10. Income taxes. The provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended
September 30 consisted of the following (in thousands):

2006           2005            2004
Current:
  Federal                          $ 99,267        72,672          46,857
  State                              16,120        11,560           7,076
                                    115,387        84,232          53,933
Deferred                              3,288        13,747          10,350
  Total                            $118,675        97,979          64,283

A reconciliation between the amount of reported income tax provision and the
amount computed at the statutory Federal income tax rate follows (in
thousands):

2006          2005            2004
Amount computed at statutory
  Federal rate of 35%              $115,529        89,471          62,284
Effect of percentage depletion       (5,250)       (3,505)         (4,185)
State income taxes (net of Federal
  income tax benefit)                10,778         8,619           5,736
Manufacturing deduction              (2,686)          -               -
Other, net                              304         3,394             448
Provision for income taxes         $118,675        97,979          64,283

The types of temporary differences and their related tax effects that give
rise to deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at September 30 are
presented below (in thousands):
                                      2006         2005
Deferred tax liabilities:
 Basis difference in property,
  plant and equipment             $  96,715        93,082
 Goodwill                            15,693        11,740
 Other                                2,197         1,947
  Gross deferred tax liabilities    114,605       106,769

Deferred tax assets:
 Insurance reserves                   8,544         7,189
 Other accrued liabilities           14,136        10,731
 Minimum pension liability            2,009         3,290
 Canadian net operating losses        2,034         1,575
 Other                                1,163         1,375
 Gross deferred tax assets           27,886        24,160
 Valuation allowance for Canadian
  net operating losses               (2,034)       (1,575)
 Net deferred tax assets             25,852        22,585
Net deferred tax liability        $  88,753        84,184

     At September 30, 2006, the Company and subsidiaries included in these
consolidated financial statements had available Canadian loss carry forwards of
approximately $5.3 million, which expire between the years 2009 and 2014.

     Management believes that sufficient uncertainty exists regarding the
realization of these deferred tax assets and that a valuation allowance is
required.   The change in valuation allowance reflects management's assessment
regarding the future realization of the Canadian loss carry forwards.

     Income taxes receivable were $7,361,000 at September 30, 2006 and are
included in accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheet.

     For the years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004, income tax benefits
attributable to stock option transactions that were recorded to shareholders'
equity were $4,636,000, $7,145,000 and $3,269,000, respectively.   For the
years ended September 30, 2006 and 2005, income taxes of $1,281,000 and
$3,290,000 were recorded to shareholders' equity related to the minimum pension
liability.

11. Employee benefits. The Company and its subsidiaries have a number of
retirement plans which cover substantially all employees.

   Certain subsidiaries have a qualified noncontributory defined benefit
retirement plan covering certain employees.  The benefits are based on years of
service and the employee's highest average compensation for any five (or in the
case of one subsidiary three) consecutive years of service.  Plan assets are
invested in mutual funds, listed stocks and bonds and cash equivalents.  The
Company's funding policy is to fund annually within the limits imposed by the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act.

    The Company also has a nonqualified management security plan for certain
officers and key employees.   Accrued benefits were frozen as of December 31,
2001.  Contributions are made to the plan, sufficient to satisfy the funding
requirements as incurred.   Life insurance on the lives of the participants has
been purchased to partially fund this benefit and the Company is the owner and
beneficiary of such policies (see Note 6 to the consolidated financial
statements).

   The Company uses a measurement date of June 30 and September 30 for its
noncontributory defined benefit retirement plan and its management security
plan, respectively.

   Net periodic pension cost (income) for fiscal years ended September 30
included the following components (in thousands):

2006        2005       2004
Service cost-benefits earned during
  the period                             $   414         447        505
Interest cost on projected benefit
  obligation                               2,386       2,382      1,369
Return on assets                          (1,795)     (1,866)    (1,759)
Amortization of net asset and prior
  service cost                             2,043         925        250
Net periodic pension cost                  3,048       1,888        365
FAS 88 changes:
  Curtailment                                 10           -          -
Total net periodic pension cost          $ 3,058       1,888        365

  The following table provides for the retirement plan a reconciliation of
projected benefit obligations, the funded status and the amounts included in
the consolidated balance sheets at September 30 (in thousands):

                                                2006          2005

Change in projected benefit obligation:

  Balance beginning of year                   $48,736        40,324
  Service cost                                    414           447
  Interest cost                                 2,386         2,382
  Actuarial (gain) loss                          (941)        6,902
  Curtailment                                    (179)            -
  Benefits paid                                (2,615)       (2,357)

  Balance end of year                         $47,801        47,698
Accumulated benefit obligation at
  end of year                                 $46,842        45,806

Change in plan assets:

  Balance beginning of year                   $23,425        24,066
  Employer contributions                        1,314	        1,103
  Actual return on assets                       1,429           837
  Expenses                                       (199)         (224)
  Benefits paid                                (2,615)       (2,357)

  Balance end of year                         $23,354        23,425

Net amount recognized:

  Funded status                              $(24,447)      (24,273)
  Unrecognized net actuarial loss               7,894        10,420
  Unrecognized prior service cost                 558           639

  Net amount recognized                      $(15,995)      (13,214)

Amount recognized in Consolidated Balance Sheets:

  Accrued Benefit Liability                  $(21,760)      (22,381)
  Intangible Asset                                558           639
  Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income        5,207         8,528
                                             $(15,995)      (13,214)

Weighted Average Assumptions used to determine
  benefit obligation:

  Discount Rate                                  6.00%         5.00%
  Rate of Compensation Increase                  3.50%         3.50%

Increase in minimum liability included
  in Comprehensive Income                      $ 3,321        8,528

Weighted Average Assumptions used to
  determine net periodic pension cost:

  Discount Rate                                   5.00%        6.00%
  Expected Return on Plan Assets                  8.00%        8.00%
  Rate of Compensation Increase                   3.50%        4.50%

Plan Assets:

                        Target Allocation   Percentage of Plan   Assets At
                        Percentages	           6/30/06           6/30/05

Equity securities        60 - 80                  78                73
Debt securities          20 - 30                  18                24
Other                     2 -  5                   4                 3
  Total                                          100               100

Our pension policy was established by evaluating asset/liability studies
periodically performed by our consultants.   These studies estimate trade-offs
between expected returns on our investments and the variability in anticipated
cash contributions to fund our pension liabilities.   Our policy accepts a
relatively high level of variability in potential pension fund contributions in
exchange for higher expected returns on our investments and lower expected
future contributions.   We believe this policy is prudent given our strong
pension funding, balance sheet and cash flows.

   Our strategy for implementing this policy is to invest in a relatively high
proportion (60%-80%) in publicly traded equities, a moderate amount (20%-30%)
in long-term publicly traded debt and a relatively small amount (2%-5%) in
other investments.

   The policy is articulated through guideline ranges and targets for each
asset category:  domestic equities, bonds, specialty investments and cash
reserves.   Management implements the strategy within these guidelines and
reviews the financial results monthly.

   Assumptions regarding our expected return on plan assets are based primarily
on judgments made by management.   These judgments take into account the
expectations of our pension plan consultants and actuaries and our investment
advisors, and the opinions of market professionals.   We base our expected
return on the long-term, not recent history.   Accordingly, the expected return
has been 8% for the past several years.

   The Company expects to contribute approximately $2,246,000 to the Plans
during 2007.

   Estimated future benefit payments reflecting future service for the fiscal
year ending (in thousands):

                  2007	                  $3,167
                  2008                     3,027
                  2009                     3,086
                  2010                     3,627
                  2011                     3,487
                  2012-2016               20,507

   Union employees are covered by multi-employer plans not administered by the
Company.  Payments of $79,000, $136,000 and $139,000 were made to these plans
during fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

   Additionally, the Company and certain subsidiaries have savings/profit
sharing plans for the benefit of qualified employees.  The savings feature of
the plans incorporates the provisions of Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue
Code.  Under the savings feature of the plans, eligible employees may elect to
save a portion (within limits) of their compensation on a tax deferred basis.
The Company contributes to a participant's account an amount equal to 50% (with
certain limits) of the participant's contribution.  Additionally, the Company
and certain subsidiaries may make annual contributions to the plans as
determined by the Board of Directors, with certain limitations.  The plans
provide for deferred vesting with benefits payable upon retirement or earlier
termination of employment.  The total cost of the plans was $33,930,000 in
2006, $25,161,000 in 2005 and $16,109,000 in 2004.

The Company and one of its subsidiaries provide certain health care benefits
for retired employees.  Employees may become eligible for those benefits if
they were employed by the Company prior to December 10, 1992, meet service
requirements and reach retirement age while working for the Company.  The plans
are contributory and unfunded. The Company accrues the estimated cost of
retiree health benefits over the years that the employees render service.   The
Company uses a June 30 measurement date for the retiree healthcare plan.

   The following table for the retiree health care plan provides a
reconciliation of benefit obligations, the funded status and the amounts
included in the consolidated balance sheets at September 30 (in thousands):

                                            2006         2005
 Change in benefit obligation:
   Balance beginning of year             $ 2,162        1,815
   Service cost                               87           72
   Plan participant contributions            176          176
   Interest cost                              84           91
   Actuarial (gain) loss                    (569)         371
   Benefits paid                            (340)        (363)
   Balance end of year                   $ 1,600        2,162

 Change in plan assets:
   Balance beginning of year             $     0            0
   Employer contributions                    164          187
   Plan participant contributions            176          176
   Benefits paid                            (340)        (363)
   Balance end of year                   $     0            0

Net amount recognized:
Funded status                            $(1,600)      (2,162)
Unrecognized net gain                       (714)        (193)
Unrecognized prior service cost               68           84

Accrued post-retirement benefit costs    $(2,246)      (2,271)

     Net periodic post-retirement benefit cost for fiscal years ended
September 30 includes the following components (in thousands):
                                            2006         2005      2004
Service cost of benefits earned
 during the period                     $      87           72        73
Interest cost on APBO                         84           91       101
Net amortization and deferral                (32)         (66)      (38)
Net periodic post-retirement benefit
 cost                                  $     139           97       136

     The discount rate used in determining the Net Periodic Post Retirement
Benefit Cost was 5% and 6% for 2006 and 2005, respectively.   The discount rate
used in determining the benefit obligation was 6% and 5% in 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

     The expected contribution by the Company for 2007 is $116,000.

     Estimated future benefit payments reflecting expected future service for
the fiscal year ending (in thousands):

                        2007	                  $ 116
                        2008	                    124
                        2009	                    130
                        2010	                    136
                        2011	                    146
                        Thereafter                877

    The discount rate assumptions for the Company's benefit plans at September
30, 2006 and 2005 were determined based on yield rates on long-term corporate
Aa and Aaa bonds that would approximate projected benefit payments.

12. Leases. Certain plant sites, office space and equipment are rented under
operating leases.  Total rental expense, excluding mineral leases which are
cancelable, for fiscal 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $6,510,000, $5,894,000 and
$5,644,000 respectively.  Future minimum lease payments under operating leases
with an initial or remaining non-cancelable term in excess of one year,
exclusive of mineral leases which are cancelable, at September 30, 2006 are as
follows: 2007-$1,599,000; 2008-$1,460,000; 2009-$1,281,000; 2010-$1,124,000;
2011-$883,000; after 2011-$3,575,000. Certain leases include options for
renewal by the Company.  Most leases require the Company to pay for utilities,
insurance and maintenance.   The mineral leases which are cancelable have
variable payments based on the actual tons mined each month.

13. Gain on sales of real estate and other income.  During 2006, the Company
sold real estate resulting in pre-tax gains of $3,569,000. The Company
exchanged parcels of land with another party in settlement of a lawsuit, with
part of the transaction occurring in 2006 and part in 2005. The exchange was
recorded at fair value, with the resulting pre-tax gains of $2,838,000 and
$3,747,000 recorded in other income in 2006 and 2005, respectively.
Additionally during 2006, the Company sold a 15% interest in an affiliate,
resulting in a gain of $1,442,000, which is included in other income.  During
2005, the Company sold a former quarry site in the Baltimore area in two
closings with gross proceeds of $33,500,000, resulting in a pre-tax gain of
$6,013,000. The Company is in the process of completing the site work related
to this sale.  As a result, an additional $886,000 of gain was deferred and
will be recognized as income as the site work is completed.   During fiscal
2006, $397,000 of the deferred gain was recognized in income.   Also in 2005,
the Company sold another parcel of land for $600,000 and realized a pre-tax
gain of $116,000.  Additionally during 2005, the Company sold other parcels of
land resulting in a combined gain of $238,000.  During 2004, several parcels of
land were sold resulting in a pre-tax gain of $13,167,000.   This included
closing on all remaining installments of a sale of another former quarry site.
Gross proceeds of this sale were $20,250,000 resulting in a pre-tax gain of
approximately $12,900,000.

14. Business Segments.   Three business segments have been identified, each of
which is managed separately along product lines.   All operations are in the
Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic states.   The Construction Aggregates segment
mines, processes and sells construction aggregates.   The Concrete products
segment produces and sells ready mix concrete and other concrete products.
The Cement and Calcium products segment produces and sells cement and calcium
products to customers in Florida and Georgia.   It also imports into Florida
cement, slag and clinker that is either sold or ground into cement and slag and
then sold.

   Operating results and certain other financial data for the business
segments are as follows (in thousands):
                                                2006       2005      2004
           Net sales, excluding freight
                  Construction aggregates  $  387,590    325,254   291,550
                  Concrete products           867,123    728,272   575,053
                  Cement and calcium          235,244    206,254   164,251
                  Intersegment sales         (161,686)  (133,172) (104,245)

                  Total net sales          $1,328,271  1,126,608   926,609

           Operating profit
                  Construction aggregates  $  117,215     94,552    87,518
                  Concrete products           148,149    118,161    60,009
                  Cement and calcium           83,600     57,336    46,123
                  Corporate overhead          (29,489)   (20,576)  (17,722)

                  Total operating profit   $  319,475    249,473   175,928

           Identifiable assets, at year end
                  Construction aggregates  $  471,637    408,322   340,217
                  Concrete products           331,117    280,114   253,392
                  Cement and calcium          252,825    226,490   222,855
                  Unallocated corporate assets 74,831     56,776    59,587
                  Cash items                   93,353     68,921    45,890
                  Investments in affiliates    12,497     12,368    12,988

                  Total identifiable assets$1,236,260  1,052,991   934,929

            Depreciation, depletion and
               amortization
                  Construction aggregates  $   33,789     27,578    25,809
                  Concrete products            28,808     25,138    23,146
                  Cement and calcium            8,882      8,712     9,211
                  Other                         3,208      3,130     5,462
                  Total depreciation, depletion
                    and amortization       $   74,687     64,558    63,628

            Capital expenditures
                  Construction aggregates  $   81,076     91,003    47,211
                  Concrete products            48,173     27,961    40,167
                  Cement and calcium           29,782      7,804     2,244
                  Other                         3,908      4,706    15,034

                  Total capital            $  162,939    131,474   104,656
                    expenditures

    Capital expenditures include additions to property, plant and equipment
from exchanges of $4,010,000, $4,652,000 and $104,000 for fiscal 2006, 2005
and 2004, respectively, which are reported in the cash flow statement as non-
cash activity.   Capital expenditures also include additions to property,
plant and equipment financed by issuing debt of $1,276,000 for fiscal 2005.

    Construction aggregates operating profit for 2006, 2005 and 2004 includes
gains on the sale of real estate of $1,685,000, $6,194,000 and $10,677,000,
respectively.   Construction aggregates operating profit for 2005 also
includes the recovery of previously expensed costs and fee reimbursement in an
insurance settlement of $2,116,000. Concrete products operating profit for
2006 and 2005 includes gains on the sale of real estate of $1,884,000 and
$173,000, respectively.  Cement and calcium operating profit for 2006 includes
$1,075,000 of insurance proceeds and operating profit for 2004 includes a gain
of $2,490,000 on the sale of a calcium plant.

Corporate overhead includes the costs of certain operating activities that are
not reflected in the operating results used internally to measure and evaluate
our core businesses. These costs include executive management and related
personnel costs, corporate development costs, public company expenses, certain
employee benefits, professional and service fees, certain insurance costs, and
other general corporate items.

15. Fair values of financial instruments.  At September 30, 2006 and 2005 the
carrying amounts reported in the balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents,
notes receivable, short-term notes payable to banks, revolving credit and
industrial development revenue bonds approximate their fair values. The fair
values of the Company's other long-term debt are estimated using discounted
cash flow analysis, based on the Company's current incremental borrowing rates
for similar types of borrowing arrangements.  At September 30, 2006 and 2005
the carrying amount of such other long-term debt approximated their fair
value.

16. Contingent liabilities.  Following is a discussion of the more significant
matters.   In view of the inherent uncertainties, the outcome of any unresolved
matters described below cannot be predicted at this time, nor can the amount of
potential loss, if any, be reasonably estimated.   On March 22, 2006, the
United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida ruled that
the mining permit issued for our Miami quarry, as well as several permits
issued to competitors in the same region, had been improperly issued. The Court
remanded the permitting process to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for further
review and consideration. To date mining has been unaffected pending the
outcome of a hearing which began on June 13, 2006.   The Court has not issued
any rulings as to the remedy it intends to order at the conclusion of these
proceedings.

The Court's ruling affects most of the twelve mining permits issued for
Florida's Lake Belt region.  We hold one of the twelve permits. In 1997, the
Florida Legislature adopted the Miami-Dade County Lake Belt Plan, covering an
approximately 57,515-acre area west of Miami and east of Everglades National
Park. Among other purposes, the Lake Belt Plan was developed to maximize
efficient recovery of limestone while promoting the social and economic welfare
of the community and protecting the environment. In 2002, the U.S. Army Corps
of Engineers issued ten permits that collectively authorize dredging 5,409
acres of wetlands in the Lake Belt for mining-related purposes while requiring
the permit holders to pay mitigation fees to fund the acquisition and
restoration of approximately 7,500 acres in the Everglades.

The Lake Belt is the single biggest source of supply for the State of Florida's
needs of limestone and related products.  Approximately half of Florida's
supply of coarse aggregates comes from the Lake Belt.  Although we hold only
one of the twelve mining permits issued for the Lake Belt, this source of
supply is important to the Company's Florida operations.

For the year ended September 30, 2006, we sold 3,899,000 tons of aggregates
from the Miami quarry, generating $40,628,000 in revenues. A significant
portion of this volume is shipped by rail to Central and Northeast Florida and
used in our concrete production facilities in Southeastern Florida, Central
Florida and Jacksonville.  Our Miami quarry employs 98 persons and has
property, plant and equipment of approximately $58,910,000 of which $20,641,000
is land.

We estimate that recoverable reserves at the Miami quarry (assuming that mining
is permitted to continue in the long term) are approximately 135 million tons.

We strongly believe that the Lake Belt Plan previously approved by the agencies
protects both environmental interests and the economic interests of Miami-Dade
County and the State of Florida. We further believe that the permits issued by
the Corps of Engineers were properly issued. We intend to appeal the Court's
ruling, while at the same time seeking re-issuance of the permits.

The ultimate impact of this ruling on our operations and future results is
largely dependent on several factors:

- - whether mining will be interrupted pending reconsideration of the permit by
the Corps of Engineers;

- - whether our permit will be reissued by the Corp of Engineers;

- - whether our competitors who mine in the Lake Belt will be enjoined from
mining or will have their permits reissued; and

- - whether the price increases that would likely result from the inability to
mine in the Lake Belt would lead to cancellation of planned public projects and
commercial and residential construction projects in the Company's markets.

We have developed contingency plans in the event of a temporary or permanent
mining shutdown in the Lake Belt region.  Our Ft. Myers quarry has adequate
reserves and plant capacity (via a second shift)  to replace the  volume
provided by our Miami quarry, but transporting aggregates to many of the
markets currently served by the Miami quarry would require utilization of truck
transportation, due to the absence of adequate rail service from Ft. Myers.  We
are uncertain whether the market could supply sufficient truck transportation
to get Ft. Myers aggregates to all of the markets currently being served with
Florida Rock Miami aggregate.  Even if truck transportation is available, the
transportation cost via truck would be substantially higher and possibly
prohibitive to some markets. Likewise, we would expect time delays of one year
or more to ramp up the Ft. Myers quarry to the full second shift and some
increased inefficiency inherent in such a 24 hour operation.

If mining was suspended or discontinued, we would need to determine if the
value of the assets or land had been impaired. The recovery of our investment
would be dependent upon alternative uses for the assets currently employed at
Miami and cannot be estimated at this time.

We previously reported that Canadian environmental authorities had ordered the
removal from a third party landowner's site of certain crushed material
produced by the New Brunswick, Canada quarry operated by our 50% subsidiary,
Jamer Materials, Ltd. These materials have been found to contain elevated
levels of naturally occurring arsenic.  The removal of this crush material has
been completed.  We do not expect this matter to have a material adverse effect
on our operating results or financial condition.

We were named as one of numerous defendants in a lawsuit filed in Broward
County, Florida, by 61 plaintiffs alleging personal injuries arising from
silicosis.   The lawsuit asserted that we and various other mining companies
named in the complaint (along with other defendants) are liable for negligence
under a number of theories.   Since the filing, all cases against us have been
dismissed as none of the verified worksheets identified us in connection with
claimed loss. While there is still a potential for 9 of the plaintiffs to be
permitted a final opportunity to present verified evidence linking us with the
claimed loss, management does not expect this matter in any event to have a
material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.

We are involved in litigation on a number of other matters and are subject to
certain claims which arise in the normal course of business, none of which, in
the opinion of management, are expected to have a materially adverse effect on
our consolidated financial statements.

We have retained certain self-insurance risks with respect to losses for third
party liability and property damage.

17. Commitments.  At September 30, 2006, the Company had purchase commitments
of approximately $86,830,000.   Of this amount approximately $66,746,000 were
orders placed for equipment.

Directors and Officers

Directors

Edward L. Baker (1)
Chairman of the Board
of the Company

John D. Baker II (1)
President and Chief Executive Officer
of the Company

Thompson S. Baker II
Vice President of the Company

Alvin R. (Pete) Carpenter (2)(4)
Retired Vice Chairman of CSX Corporation

Robert P. Crozer (4)
Senior Advisor, Greenhill & Co., Inc.

John A. Delaney (2)
President of the University of North Florida

J. Dix Druce, Jr. (2)(4)
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, National P.E.T., Scan LLC

Luke E. Fichthorn III
Private Investment Banker,
Twain Associates and Chairman of the
Board and Chief Executive Officer of
Bairnco Corporation

William P. Foley II(3)
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
Fidelity National Financial, Inc.

John D. Milton, Jr. (1)
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer of the Company

Francis X. Knott (3)
Chairman of Partners Management Company
LLC and Partners Realty Trust, Inc.

William H. Walton III (3)
Managing Member, Rockpoint Group, LLC

Directors Emeritus

Charles H. Denny III
Investments

Frank M. Hubbard
Chairman of the Board of
A. Friends' Foundation Trust

C. J. Shepherdson
Vice President of the Company

(1) Member of the Executive Committee
(2) Member of the Audit Committee
(3) Member of the Compensation Committee
(4) Member of the Corporate Governance Committee

Officers

Edward L. Baker
Chairman of the Board

John D. Baker II
President and Chief Executive Officer

John D. Milton, Jr.
Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
and Treasurer

C. J. Shepherdson
Vice President
Chairman, Northern Concrete Group

George J. Hossenlopp
Vice President
President, Southern Concrete Group

Clarron E. Render, Jr.
Vice President
President, Northern Concrete Group

Thompson S. Baker II
Vice President
President, Aggregates and Cement Group

Wallace A. Patzke Jr.
Vice President, Controller and
Chief Accounting Officer

H. W. Walton
Vice President, Environment, Safety,
Health and Organizational Development

Scott L. McCaleb
Vice President, Corporate
Development

Barbara C. Johnston
Secretary
General Counsel

John W. Green
Assistant Secretary
Director of Corporate Credit

Florida Rock Industries, Inc.

General Office:  155 East 21st Street
Jacksonville, Florida 32206
Telephone:  (904) 355-1781

Annual Meeting

Shareholders are cordially invited to attend the Annual Shareholders
Meeting which will be held at 9 a.m. local time, on Wednesday, February
07, 2007 at the general offices of the Company, 155 East 21st Street,
Jacksonville, Florida.

Transfer Agent

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company
59 Maiden Lane
New York, NY 10038
Telephone: 1-800-937-5449

General Counsel

McGuireWoods LLP
Jacksonville, Florida

Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

KPMG LLP
Jacksonville, Florida

Common Stock Listed

New York Stock Exchange
(Symbol:  FRK)
Form 10-K and Certificates

Shareholders may receive without charge a copy of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc.'s annual report to the Securities and Exchange
Commission on Form 10-K by writing to the Treasurer at P.O. Box 4667,
Jacksonville, Florida 32201.

Shareholders may also obtain copies of reports to the Securities and
Exchange Commission on Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K by accessing the Company
website at.   Copies of these reports are available on the website the
same day they are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

The most recent certifications by our Chief Executive Officer, Chief
Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 are filed as exhibits to our Form 10-
K.   We have also filed with the New York Stock Exchange the most
recent Annual CEO certification as required by Section 303A.12(a) of
the New York Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual.

55

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 10
 sublist.txt
 SUBSIDIARY LISTING
 
                                                  Exhibit (21)

FLORIDA ROCK INDUSTRIES, INC.
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

The following are subsidiaries of the Company, all of which are included in
the consolidated financial statements and wholly owned unless otherwise
noted.

                                                  State of
                                               Incorporation

Virginia Concrete Company Incorporated           Virginia
Maryland Rock Industries, Inc.                   Maryland
D C Materials, Inc.                              DC
Mule Pen Quarry Corp.                            Delaware
Administration & Accounting Co.                  Virginia
Concrete Engineering Inc.                        Virginia
Florida Cement, Inc.                             Florida
Flacem, LLC.                                     Florida
FRI Ready Mix of Tennessee, LLC                  Florida
The Arundel Corporation                          Maryland
ARL Development Corp.                            Maryland
ARL Services Inc.                                Maryland
Arundel Risk Managers, Inc.                      Maryland
Arundel Sand & Gravel Company                    Delaware
BWIP, Inc.                                       Maryland
Maryland Stone, Inc.                             Maryland
LanDel/Arundel, Inc.                             Maryland
Patapsco Properties, Inc.                        Maryland
S&G Concrete Co.                                 North Carolina
S&G Prestress Company                            North Carolina
Scenic Hills, Inc.                               New York
TBS Enterprises, Inc.                            New York
TCS Materials, Inc.                              Virginia
Tidewater Quarries, Inc.                         Virginia
Salisbury Towing Corporation                     Maryland
Harper Bros. Inc.                                Florida
Producers Software, LLC                          Florida
Columbus Quarry LLC (a)                          Georgia
Hughs Property, Inc.                             Florida
Chesapeake Marine                                Maryland
American Materials Technologies LLC              Tennessee
Atlantic Coast Materials, LLC (b)                Florida
FRI New Brunswick, LTD                           New Brunswick, Canada
Jamer Materials, LTD (b)                         New Brunswick, Canada
Charlotte County Ports, LTD (b)                  New Brunswick, Canada
Rockland LLC                                     Florida
FRK Brooksville, LLC                             Florida
FRK Newberry, LLC                                Florida
FRK Flight, LLC                                  Florida
FRK Putnam, LLC                                  Florida
(a)	51% owned, included in the Consolidated Financial
	Statements
(b)	50% owned, excluded from the Consolidated Financial
Statements

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 11
 consents.txt
 CONSENTS OF KPMG AND DELOITTE

Exhibit 23

CONSENTS OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRMS

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Florida Rock Industries, Inc.:

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
Nos. 333-55128, 33-56322, 333-26775, 333-18873, 333-47618, 333-111663 and
333-121007 on Form S-8 of Florida Rock Industries, Inc. of our reports dated
December 6, 2006, with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2006 and 2005,
and the related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity and
comprehensive income, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the
related financial statement schedule, management's assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of September
30, 2006 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
as of September 30, 2006, which reports appear in the September 30, 2006
annual report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock Industries, Inc.

Our report on the consolidated financial statements refers to a change in
method of computing share-based compensation as of October 1, 2005.

KPMG LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
Certified Public Accountants
December 6, 2006

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos.
333-55128, 33-56322, 333-26775, 333-18873, 333-47618, 333-111663 and 333-
121007 on Forms S-8 of our report dated December 01, 2004,(December 14, 2005
as to the effects of the stock split described in Note 1) incorporated by
reference and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock
Industries, Inc. for the year ended September 30, 2004.

DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

Jacksonville, Florida
December 6, 2006

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 12
 bakercert.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF JOHN D. BAKER II
 
                                                                 Exhibit 31(a)
CERTIFICATIONS

I, John D. Baker II, certify that:

1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock Industries,
Inc.

2.	Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this annual report;

3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in
this annual report;

4.	The company's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the company and have:

a.	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is
made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b.	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or
caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c.	evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosures controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and

d.	disclosed in this report any changes in the company's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
company's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting
and

5.	The company's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of
company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

a.	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the company's
internal controls over financial reporting.

	Date:  December 6, 2006

                                       JOHN D. BAKER  II
	                               JOHN D. BAKER  II
					 President and Chief
                                          Executive Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 13
 patzkecert.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.

Exhibit 31(c)

I, Wallace A. Patzke, Jr., certify that:

1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock Industries,
Inc.

2.	Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this annual report;

3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in
this annual report;

4.	The company's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as designed in Exchange Act Rule
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the company and have:

a.	designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which report is being prepared;

b.	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;

c.	evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and procedures, as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and

d.	disclosed in this report any changes in the company's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
company's most recent fiscal quarter(the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the company's internal control over financial reporting and

5.	The company's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of
registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

a.	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the company's
internal controls over financial reporting.

Date:  December 6, 2006

                                                WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.
                                                WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.
                                                Vice President, Controller
                                                 and Chief Accounting Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 14
 miltoncert.txt
 CERTIFICATION OF JOHN D. MILTON, JR.

Exhibit 31(b)

I, John D. Milton, Jr., certify that:

1.	I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Florida Rock Industries,
Inc.

2.	Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this annual report;

3.	Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows of the company as of, and for, the periods presented in
this annual report;

4.	The company's other certifying officers and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))for the company and have:

a.	designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to
us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared;

b.	designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
under our supervision to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles;

c.	evaluated the effectiveness of the company's disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosures controls and procedures, as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
evaluation; and

d.	disclosed in this report any changes in the company's internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the
company's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth
fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has
materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the company's internal control over financial reporting and

5.	The company's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the company's auditors and the audit committee of
company's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions):

a.	all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design
or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the company's ability to
record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b.	any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
other employees who have a significant role in the company's
internal control over financial reporting.

Date:  December 6, 2006

                                       JOHN D. MILTON, JR.
	                               JOHN D. MILTON, JR.
				        Executive Vice President,
                                        Treasurer and Chief
                                        Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 15
 sect906cert.txt
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
 
                                                                  Exhibit 32

CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 906
OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the
undersigned certifies that this periodic report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
and that information contained in this periodic report fairly presents, in all
material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Florida
Rock Industries, Inc.

By JOHN D. BAKER  II
                                                 John D. Baker  II
                                                 President and Chief
                                                  Executive Officer

                                              By JOHN D. MILTON, JR.
                                                 John D. Milton, Jr.
                                                 Executive Vice President
                                                  Treasurer and Chief
                                                  Financial Officer

                                              By WALLACE A. PATZKE, JR.
                                                 Wallace A. Patzke, Jr.
                                                 Vice President, Controller
                                                  and Chief Accounting
                                                  Officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has
been provided to Florida Rock Industries, Inc., and will be retained by
Florida Rock Industries, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and
Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

The foregoing certification accompanies the issuer's Annual Report on
Form 10-K and is not filed as provided in SEC Release Nos. 33-8212, 34-
4751 and IC-25967, dated December 6, 2006.

1

</EX-32>

