<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061114_10-K_edgar_data_84290_0000950152-06-009352_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>790068</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>181734</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>376493</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>54</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950152-06-009352.hdr.sgml : 20061114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061114112055
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950152-06-009352
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ROBBINS & MYERS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000084290
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PUMPS & PUMPING EQUIPMENT [3561]
		IRS NUMBER:				310424220
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13651
		FILM NUMBER:		061212296

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 KETTERING TWR
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45423
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9372222610

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1400 KETTERING TOWER
		CITY:			DAYTON
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45423

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JjDpBHv2de5JIGuvei3Z2Fp7W8ZnMeEY2vnpoFrtoq8UIY8+WuinVczhsdSHFbFE
 aJCcSuVMiJRDpzgOzZfLDw==

 0000950152-06-009352.txt : 20061114

10-K
 1
 l23212ae10vk.htm
 ROBBINS & MYERS, INC.     10-K

ROBBINS & MYERS, INC.     10-K 

Table of Contents   

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20459 

FORM 10-K 

For the fiscal year ended August 31, 2006

OR 

For the transition period from                        to                       

Commission File Number 0-288 

ROBBINS   MYERS, INC.  

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

(937) 222-2610

Registrant s telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Name of each exchange on 
which registered 

Common Shares, without par value

New York 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of
the Securities Act.  
Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or
15(d) of the Act. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by
Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirement for at least the past 90 days. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is
not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. Yes     No    

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer or
a non-accelerated filer. See definition of accelerated filer and large accelerated filer in Rule
12b-2 of the Act (check one).

Large Accelerated Filer     Accelerated Filer     Non-accelerated Filer    

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). Yes     No    

DOCUMENT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Robbins   Myers, Inc., Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 11, 2007;
definitive copies of the foregoing will be filed with the Commission within 120 days of the
Company s most recently completed fiscal year. Only such portions of the Proxy Statement as are
specifically incorporated by reference under Part III of this Report shall be deemed filed as part
of this Report.

Table of Contents 

Page  

Part 1 

Item 1 

Business  

Item 1A 

Risk Factors  

Item 1B 

Unresolved Staff comments  

Item 2 

Properties  

Item 3 

Legal Proceedings  

Item 4 

Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders  

Part II  

Item 5 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  

Item 6 

Selected Financial Data  

Item 7 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  

Item 7A 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  

Item 8 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  

Item 9 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  

Item 9A 

Controls and Procedures  

Item 9B 

Other Information  

Part III  

Item 10 

Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant  

Item 11 

Executive Compensation  

Item 12 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  

Item 13 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions  

Item 14 

Principal Accountant Fees and Services  

Part IV  

Item 15 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  

EX-14.1 Code of Conduct    
     EX-21.1 Subsidiaries of Robbins & Myers, Inc.    
     EX-23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Acct. Firm    
     EX-24.1 Robbins & Myers, Inc. Limited Power of Attorney    
     EX-31.1 CEO Certification    
     EX-31.2 CFO Certification    
     EX-32.1 CEO Certification    
     EX-32.2 CFO Certification    

Table of Contents   

ITEM 1.   BUSINESS 

Important Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

Portions of this Form 10-K include  forward-looking statements  within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. This includes, in particular,  Item
7-Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  of this
Form 10-K as well as other portions of this Form 10-K. The words  believe,   expect,   anticipate, 
 project,  and similar expressions, among others, generally identify  forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date the statements were made. Forward-looking statements are subject to
risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. The most significant of
these risks, uncertainties and other factors are described in this
Form 10-K (included in  Item
1A-Risk Factors ). Except to the limited extent required by applicable law, the Company undertakes
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events, or otherwise.

OVERVIEW

Robbins   Myers, Inc. is an Ohio corporation. As used in this report, the terms  Company,   we, 
 our,  or  us  mean Robbins   Myers, Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates another
meaning. We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of highly-engineered,
application-critical equipment and systems for the energy, industrial, chemical and pharmaceutical
markets worldwide. We attribute our success to our close and continuing interaction with customers,
our manufacturing, sourcing and application engineering expertise and our ability to serve
customers globally. Our fiscal 2006 sales were approximately $625 million, and no one customer
accounted for more than 5% of these sales.

Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we realigned our reportable business segments. The
new structure consists of three market-focused segments: Fluid Management, Process Solutions and
Romaco. The Hapa and Laetus product lines of the Romaco segment were sold on March 31, 2006. These
product lines had annual revenues of approximately $42 million.

Information concerning our sales, income before interest and income taxes ( EBIT ), identifiable
assets by segment and sales and identifiable assets by geographic area for the years ended August
31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 is set forth in Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
at Item 8 and is incorporated herein by reference.

Fluid Management Segment 

Our Fluid Management business segment designs, manufactures and markets equipment and systems used
in oil and gas exploration and recovery, specialty chemical, wastewater treatment and a variety of
other industrial applications. Primary brands include Moyno , Yale , New Era , Tarby  and
Hercules . Our products and systems include hydraulic drilling power sections; down-hole and
industrial progressing cavity pumps and related products such as grinders for applications
involving the flow of viscous, abrasive and solid-laden slurries and sludge; and a broad line of
ancillary equipment, such as rod guides, rod and tubing rotators, wellhead systems, pipeline
closure products and valves. These products and systems are used at the wellhead and in subsurface
drilling and production.

Sales, Marketing and Distribution.  We sell our rotors and stators for hydraulic drilling power
sections through a direct sales force. We sell our tubing wear prevention products and certain
wellhead equipment through major distributors as well as our service centers in key oilfield
locations worldwide. We sell our wellhead, closure products and industrial pumps through
distributors and manufacturer representatives. Backlog at August 31, 2006 was $33.3 million,
compared with $21.7 million at August 31, 2005.

Aftermarket Sales . Aftermarket sales consist principally of selling replacement components for our
pumps, as well as the relining of stators and the refurbishment of rotors for the energy market.
Aftermarket sales represented approximately 22% of the sales in this segment in fiscal 2006.
However, replacement items, such as power section rotors and stators, down-hole pump rotors and rod
guides are components of larger systems that wear out after regular usage. These are often sold as
complete products and are not identifiable by us as aftermarket sales.

Markets and Competition.  We believe we are the leading independent manufacturer of rotors and
stators for hydraulic drilling power sections worldwide. We are also the leading manufacturer of
rod guides, wellhead

1 

Table of Contents   

components and pipeline closure products and the second leading manufacturer of down-hole
progressing cavity pumps worldwide. While the oil and gas exploration and recovery equipment
marketplace is highly fragmented, we believe that with our leading brands and products we are
effectively positioned as a full-line supplier with the capability to provide customers with
complete system sourcing. We also have a large installed base and a dominant market share in
progressing cavity pumps for general industrial applications in the U.S. and Canada, but a smaller
presence in Europe and Asia. While we believe Moyno  is the North American leader in the
manufacture and sale of progressing cavity pumps for the general industrial market, the worldwide
market is highly competitive and includes several competitors, none of which is dominant. In
addition, there are several other types of positive displacement pumps, including gear, lobe and
air-operated diaphragm pumps that compete with progressing cavity pumps in certain applications.

Process Solutions Business Segment 

Our Process Solutions business segment designs, manufactures and services glass-lined reactors and
storage vessels, standard and customized fluid-agitation equipment and systems and customized
fluoropolymer-lined fittings, vessels and accessories, primarily for the pharmaceutical and fine
chemical markets. Primary brands are Pfaudler , Tycon-Technoglass , Chemineer  and Edlon .

Sales, Marketing and Distribution.  We primarily market and sell glass-lined reactors and storage
vessels through our direct sales force, as well as manufacturers  representatives in certain world
markets. Industrial mixers, agitation equipment and corrosion resistant products are primarily
sold through manufacturers  representatives. Backlog at August 31, 2006 was $88.4 million compared
with $57.9 million at August 31, 2005.

Aftermarket Sales.  Aftermarket products and services, which include field service, replacement
parts, accessories and reconditioning of glass-lined vessels, are an important part of our Reactor
Systems product line. Our aftermarket capabilities and presence allow us to service our large
installed base of Pfaudler glass-lined vessels and to meet the needs of our customers, who are
increasingly inclined to outsource various maintenance and service functions. We also service
competitors  equipment in the U.S. and in Europe. We also refurbish and sell used, glass-lined
vessels. Our aftermarket business for the Chemineer  and Edlon  lines primarily consists of
selling replacement parts. Aftermarket sales represented approximately 36% of this segment s sales
in fiscal 2006.

Markets and Competition.  We believe we have the number one worldwide market position for quality
glass-lined reactors and storage vessels, competing principally with DeDeitrich, a French company.
The mixing equipment industry in which our Chemineer  brand participates is highly competitive and
fragmented. We believe we are one of the market leaders worldwide. Our primary competitors are
Lightnin , a unit of SPX Corporation and Ekato. Our Edlon  brand primarily competes by offering
highly engineered products and products made for special needs, which are not readily supplied by
competitors.

Romaco Business Segment 

Our Romaco business segment designs, manufactures and markets packaging and secondary processing
equipment for the pharmaceutical, healthcare, nutriceutical and cosmetic industries. Packaging applications
include dosing, filling and sealing of vials, capsules, tubes, bottles and blisters, as well as
customized packaging. Primary brands are Noack , Siebler  and FrymaKoruma .

Sales, Marketing and Distribution.  We sell Romaco products through our direct sales and service
centers in certain world markets. We supplement our direct sales force with an extensive network of
manufacturers  representatives and third party distributors. Backlog at August 31, 2006 was $52.7
million compared with $37.0 million at August 31, 2005.

Aftermarket Sales . Aftermarket sales of our Romaco business were approximately 30% of this
segment s fiscal 2006 sales, consisting largely of replacement parts for the installed base of
equipment.

Markets and Competition.  We believe Romaco is one of the top five worldwide manufacturers of the
type of pharmaceutical equipment it provides; however, the market is fragmented with many
competitors, none of which is dominant. Given the fragmented nature of the industry, we believe
there are strategic opportunities to expand our market share through technological innovation and
flexible response to new market requirements and product applications.

2 

Table of Contents   

Other Consolidated Information 

BACKLOG

Our total order backlog was $174.4 million at August 31, 2006 compared with $116.5 million at
August 31, 2005. We expect to ship over 90% of our backlog during the next 12 months.

CUSTOMERS

Sales are not concentrated with any customer, as no customer represented more than 5% of sales in
fiscal 2006, 2005 or 2004.

RAW MATERIALS

Raw materials are purchased from various vendors that generally are located in the same country as
our facility using the raw materials. Because of high global demand for steel, costs increased
significantly in 2006. However, our supply of steel and other raw materials and components has been
adequate and available without significant delivery delays. No events are known or anticipated that
would change the availability of raw materials. No one supplier provides more than 5% of our raw
materials.

GENERAL

We own a number of patents relating to the design and manufacture of our products. While we
consider these patents important to our operations, we believe that the successful manufacture and
sale of our products depend more upon operating and application expertise and manufacturing skills.
We are committed to maintaining high quality manufacturing standards and have completed ISO
certification at several facilities.

During fiscal 2006, we spent approximately $7.8 million on research and development activities
compared with $8.7 million in fiscal 2005 and $6.7 million in fiscal 2004. We have also incurred
significant engineering costs incurred in conjunction with fulfilling customer orders and executing
customer projects.

Compliance with federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the
environment is not anticipated to have any material effect upon the Company s capital expenditures,
earnings or competitive position.

At August 31, 2006, we had 3,271 employees, which included approximately 560 at majority-owned
joint ventures. Approximately 580 of our total employees were covered by collective bargaining
agreements at various locations. Agreements at our Springfield, Ohio, Dayton, Ohio and Rochester,
New York manufacturing facilities, covering approximately 320 employees, expire throughout calendar
2007. The Company considers labor relations at each of its locations to be good.

CERTIFICATIONS

Peter C. Wallace, our President and Chief Executive Officer, certified to the New York Stock
Exchange on November 10, 2006 that, as of that date, he was not aware of any violation by the
Company of the NYSE s Corporate Governance Listing Standards. We have filed with the SEC the
certifications of Mr. Wallace and Christopher M. Hix, our Chief Financial Officer, that are
required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 relating to the financial statements and
disclosures contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2006.

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

We make available free of charge on or through our web site, at www.robn.com, our annual reports on
Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those
reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ). Additionally, the public may read and copy any
materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 450 Fifth Street, N.W.,
Washington, D.C., 20549. Information regarding operation of the Public Reference Room is available
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0300. Information that we file with the SEC is also available at
the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov.

We also post on our web site the following corporate governance documents: Corporate Governance
Guidelines, Code of Business Conduct and the Charters of our Audit, Compensation, and Nominating
and Governance

3 

Table of Contents   

Committees. Copies of the foregoing documents are also available in print to any shareholder who
requests it by writing our Corporate Secretary, Robbins   Myers, Inc., 1400 Kettering Tower,
Dayton, Ohio 45423.

ITEM 1A.   RISK FACTORS 

If any of the events contemplated by the following risks actually occurs, then our business,
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We caution
the reader that these risk factors may not be exhaustive. We operate in a continually changing
business environment, and new risk factors emerge from time to time. We can neither predict these
new risk factors, nor can we assess the impact, if any, of these new risk factors on our businesses
or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ
materially from those projected in any forward-looking statements.

Some of our end-markets are cyclical, which may cause fluctuations in our sales and operating
results. 

We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, fluctuations in operating results due to
business cycles. We sell our products principally to energy, industrial, and pharmaceutical
markets. While we serve a variety of markets to avoid a dependency on any one, a significant
downturn in any of these markets could cause a material adverse impact on our sales and operating
results.

The energy market, in particular, has historically been cyclical in nature as the worldwide demand
for oil and gas fluctuates. When worldwide demand for these commodities is depressed, the demand
for our products used in drilling and recovery applications is reduced. We have historically
generated lower sales and profits in periods of declining demand for oil and gas. Accordingly,
results of operations for any particular period are not necessarily indicative of the results of
operations for any future period. Future downturns in demand for oil and gas could have a material
adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Similarly, the industrial market has
historically experienced cyclical fluctuations in demand that also could have a material adverse
effect on our sales and operating results.

Our businesses are adversely affected by economic downturns. 

As a supplier of capital equipment to a variety of industries, we are adversely affected by general
economic downturns. Many of our customers, particularly in the industrial markets, will delay
capital projects, including non-critical maintenance and upgrades, during economic downturns.

Approximately 60% of our sales are to customers outside the United States, and we are subject to
special economic and political risks associated with international operations. 

Approximately 60% of our fiscal 2006 sales were to customers outside the U.S., and we maintain
manufacturing facilities in 14 non-U.S. countries. Conducting business outside the U.S. is subject
to risks, including currency exchange rate fluctuations; changes in regional, political or economic
conditions; trade protection measures, such as tariffs or import or export restrictions; subsidies
or increased access to capital for firms who are currently, or may emerge, as competitors in
countries in which we have operations; partial or total expropriation; unexpected changes in
regulatory requirements; and international sentiment towards the U.S. One or more of these factors
could have a material adverse effect on our international operations.

We must comply with a variety of import and export laws and regulations, and the cost of compliance
as well as the consequences to properly comply with such laws could adversely affect our business. 

We are subject to a variety of laws regarding our international operations, including regulations
issued by the U.S. Customs Service, the Bureau of Export Administration and various foreign
governmental agencies. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory
requirements to which our international manufacturing operations and trading practices might be
subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted. Future
regulations could limit the countries in which certain of our products may be manufactured or sold
or could restrict our access to, and increase the cost of obtaining, products from foreign sources.
In addition, actual or alleged violations of import-export laws could result in enforcement
actions and financial penalties that could result in substantial costs.

4 

Table of Contents   

Competition in our markets could cause our sales to decrease. 

We face significant competition from a variety of competitors in our markets. In some markets, our
competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we
do. In addition, new competitors could enter our markets. Competitive pressures, including
product quality, performance, price and service capabilities, and new technologies could adversely
affect our competitive position, involving a loss of market share or decrease in prices, either of
which could have a material adverse effect on our sales.

The nature of our products creates the possibility of product liability lawsuits, which could harm
our business. 

As a manufacturer of equipment and systems for use in various markets, we face an inherent risk of
exposure to product liability claims. Although we maintain strict quality controls and procedures,
we cannot be certain that our products will be completely free from defect. In addition, in
certain cases, we rely on third-party manufacturers for components of our products. Although we
have liability insurance coverage, we cannot be certain that this insurance coverage will continue
to be available to us at a reasonable cost or will be adequate to cover any such liabilities. We
generally seek to obtain contractual indemnification from our third-party suppliers, which is
typically limited by its terms. In the event we do not have adequate insurance or contractual
indemnification, product liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Even if a product liability claim is without merit,
it could harm our business.

The results of operations could vary based on the availability and cost of our raw materials. 

The prices of our raw materials may increase. The costs of raw materials used by us are affected by
fluctuations in the price of metals such as steel.

Our ability to obtain parts and raw materials from our suppliers is uncertain. We are engaged in a
continuous, company-wide effort to concentrate our purchases of parts and raw materials on fewer
suppliers, and to obtain parts from low-cost countries where possible. As this effort progresses,
we are exposed to an increased risk of disruptions to our supply chain, which could have a
significant effect on our operating results.

Our results of operations could vary as a result of the methods, estimates and judgments we use in
applying our accounting policies. 

The methods, estimates and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant
impact on our results of operations (see  Critical Accounting Estimates  in Part II, Item 7 of this
Form 10-K). Such methods, estimates and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial
risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that lead us to change our
methods, estimates and judgments. Changes in those methods, estimates and judgments could
significantly affect our results of operations. In particular, beginning in our first quarter of
fiscal 2006, the calculation of share-based compensation expense under SFAS No. 123(R) required us
to use valuation methodologies (which were not developed for use in valuing employee stock options)
and a number of assumptions, estimates and conclusions regarding matters such as expected
forfeitures, expected volatility of our share price, the expected dividend rate with respect to our
common shares and the exercise behavior of our employees. Furthermore, there are no means, under
applicable accounting principles, to compare and adjust our expense if and when we learn of
additional information that may affect the estimates that we previously made, with the exception of
changes in expected forfeitures of share-based awards. Factors may arise over time that lead us to
change our estimates and assumptions with respect to future share-based compensation arrangements,
resulting in variability in our share-based compensation expense over time. Changes in forecasted
share-based compensation expense could impact our financial results.

Any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect
our operating results and total capitalization. 

Our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. The goodwill results
from our acquisitions, representing the excess of cost over the fair value of the net assets we
have acquired. We assess at least annually whether there has been an impairment in the value of our
intangible assets. If future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to
fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge or if
business valuations become more conservative, we could incur, under current applicable accounting
rules, a non-cash charge to operating earnings for goodwill impairment. Any

5 

Table of Contents   

determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of unamortized intangible assets
would negatively affect our results of operations and total capitalization, the effect of which
could be material.

Other risks that may effect our business. 

Failure to realize the benefits of our restructuring program in our Process Solutions
and Romaco segments, including the receipt of cash proceeds from the sale of excess
facilities. 

Work stoppages related to union negotiations. 

Customer order cancellations. 

The impact of Sarbanes-Oxley Section 404 procedures. 

ITEM 1B   UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None.

6 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 2 .  PROPERTIES 

Facilities

Our executive offices are located in Dayton, Ohio. The executive offices are leased and occupy
approximately 10,000 square feet. Set forth below is certain information relating to our principal
operating facilities.

7 

Table of Contents   

(1) 
       
     Leased facility. 

(2) 
       
     The Fluid Management segment also operates an additional 13 (8 U.S., 5 Canada) Service
Centers, primarily in leased facilities between 5,000 and 10,000 square feet each. These
locations are in the oil producing regions of the U.S. and Canada and manufacture rod guides
and distribute other of the Company s Energy Systems products. Locations are: Bakersfield,
California (2); Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Odessa, Texas; Casper, Wyoming; Williston, North
Dakota; Wooster, Ohio; Trinidad, Colorado and in Alberta, Canada   Brooks, Elk Point, Provost,
Hardisty and Lloydminster. 

(3) 
       
     Facility of a 51% owned subsidiary. 

(4) 
       
     Facility of a 76% owned subsidiary. 

(5) 
       
     Facility of a 60% owned subsidiary. 

8 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are claims, suits and complaints arising in the ordinary course of business filed or pending
against us. Although we cannot predict the outcome of such claims, suits and complaints with
certainty, we do not believe that the disposition of these matters will have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

ITEM 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS 

None.

9 

Table of Contents   

Executive Officers of the Registrant 

Peter C. Wallace, age 52, has been President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company since July
12, 2004. From October 2001 to July 2004, Mr. Wallace was President and CEO of IMI Norgren Group
(sophisticated motion and fluid control systems for original equipment manufacturers). He was
employed by Rexnord Corporation (power transmission and conveying components) for 25 years serving
as President and Group Chief Executive from 1998 until October 2001 and holding a variety of senior
sales, marketing, and international positions prior thereto.

Christopher M. Hix, age 44, has been our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since August
2006. He held various corporate finance and business development positions with Roper Industries
(diversified industrial products) from 2001 to July 2006, the most recent being Vice President,
Business Development and Assistant Secretary. He was Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of
Customer Support for Somero Enterprises, Inc. from 1999 to 2001. From 1991 to 1999 he was with
Roper Industries serving in various senior business unit financial and operational leadership
positions.

Saeid Rahimian, age 48, has been a Corporate Vice President and President, Fluid Management, since
September 2005. He was Group Vice President and President of our R M Energy Systems and Reactor
Systems businesses from May 2004 to September 2005. He has also been President of our R M Energy
Systems business from 1998 to May 2004.

Gary L. Brewer, age 48, has been a Corporate Vice President and President, Process Solutions Group,
since February 2006. He held various senior executive positions with Eaton Corporation
(diversified industrial products) from 1995 to February 2006, the most recent being Americas
Manufacturing Manager, Controls and also including Business Unit Manager for Hydraulic Cylinders,
Plant Manager for Motion Control Products and Director of Sales and Marketing in Europe for the
Motion Control Business.

John R. Beatty, age 54, has been our Vice President, Administration since January 2006. He was our
Vice President, Human Resources from March 2004 to January 2006. From 1996 to 2004, he was Vice
President, Human Resources for DT Industries, Inc. (packaging equipment) and prior to 1996 he was
Director of Human Resources for Rockwell Software Inc., a subsidiary of Rockwell Inc.

Kevin J. Brown, age 48, has been our Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since
October 2006. He was our Vice President of Corporate Services, Investor Relations   Compliance
from August 2006 to October 2006 and he was our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from
January 2000 to August 2006. Previously, he was our Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since
December 1995. Prior to joining us, he was employed by the accounting firm of Ernst   Young LLP for
15 years.

Joseph M. Rigot, age 63, has been our Secretary and General Counsel since 1990. He has been a
partner with the law firm of Thompson Hine LLP, Dayton, Ohio for over 15 years.

The term of office of our executive officers is until the next Annual Meeting of Directors (January
10, 2007) or until their respective successors are elected.

10 

Table of Contents   

PART II 

ITEM 5.   MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

(A) Our common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RBN. The prices
presented in the following table are the high and low closing prices for the common shares for the
periods presented.

(B) As of October 16, 2006, we had 393 shareholders of record.

(C) Dividends paid on common shares are presented in the table in Item 5(A). Our credit agreement
includes certain covenants which restrict our payment of dividends plus stock repurchases in each
fiscal year to the greater of $3,500,000 or 50% of our net income for the immediately preceding
fiscal year, plus a portion of any unused amounts from the preceding fiscal year. For purposes of
this test, stock repurchases related to stock option exercises or in connection with withholding
taxes due under any stock plan in which employees or directors participate are not included. Under
this formula, such cash dividends and treasury stock purchases in fiscal 2007 are limited to
$3,500,000. We expect to enter into an amended credit agreement in early fiscal 2007 which may
increase this amount.

(D) The Company made no repurchases of its common shares during the quarter ended August 31, 2006.

11 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Selected Financial Data (1)  
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
(In thousands, except per share and employee data)

The following slected finanical data should be read in conjunction with Item 7  Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations  and our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

12 

Table of Contents   

Notes to Selected Financial Data

1. 
       
     Fiscal 2006 reflected the sale of our Hapa and Laetus product lines on March 31, 2006.
Fiscal 2005 reflected the sale of the lined-pipe and fitting product line that occurred on
August 31, 2005. Fiscal 2003 reflected the acquisition of Tarby on November 15, 2002. 

2. 
       
     Fiscal 2006 includes costs of $7,296,000 related to the restructuring of our Process
Solutions and Romaco segments, which included inventory write-downs of $1,127,000 that are
included in gross profit. Fiscal 2006 also included a gain of $7,955,000 on the disposition
of product lines and facilities. Lastly, fiscal 2006 included a $39,174,000 goodwill
impairment charge. Fiscal 2005 included costs of $7,963,000 related to the restructuring of
our Process Solutions and Romaco segments, including inventory write-downs of $1,130,000
that are included in gross profit. Fiscal 2005 also included a loss of $2,053,000 related
to asset dispositions in our Process Solutions segment. Fiscal 2004 included charges of
$1,378,000 related to the retirement of our former President   CEO and severance costs of
$761,000 related to the consolidation of our Process Solutions business in Italy. These
special items increased fiscal 2006 net loss by $36,941,000 ($2.46 per diluted share),
decreased fiscal 2005 net income by $6,310,000 ($0.52 per diluted share) and decreased
fiscal 2004 net income by $1,390,000 ($.10 per diluted share). See Note 3 of Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements. 

3. 
       
     EBIT represents income before interest and income taxes and is reconciled to net income
on our Consolidated Statement of Operations. EBIT is not a measure of performance
calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
and should not be considered as an alternative to net income as a measure of our operating
results. EBIT is not a measure of cash available for use by management. We evaluate
performance of our business segments and allocate resources based on EBIT. 

4. 
       
     Free Cash Flow represents net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating
activities, less capital expenditures. Free Cash Flow is used as a measure of cash
generated for acquisitions and financing activities. Free Cash Flow is not a measure of
performance calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States, and should not be considered an alternative to cash flow as a measure of our
liquidity. 

13 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 7.  
       
      MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS  

Overview 

We are a leading designer, manufacturer and marketer of highly-engineered, application-critical
equipment and systems for the energy, industrial, chemical and pharmaceutical markets worldwide. We
attribute our success to our close and continuing interaction with customers, our manufacturing,
sourcing and application engineering expertise and our ability to serve customers globally. Our
business consists of three market-focused segments: Fluid Management, Process Solutions and Romaco.

Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we reported realigned segments. The new segment
structure is a result of a significant reorganization of management, operations and reporting that
occurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The Fluid Management segment is comprised of the
R M Energy Systems, Moyno and Tarby product lines. The Process Solutions segment is comprised of
the Pfaudler, Tycon Technoglass, Chemineer and Edlon product lines. The Romaco segment includes
the Hapa and Laetus (prior to their sale) and FrymaKoruma, Noack, Siebler, Macofar, Promatic,
Unipac, IPM, Zanchetta and Bosspak product lines.

As a result of the segment realignment, the goodwill recorded as of August 31, 2005 was allocated
to the aforementioned product lines based on their relative fair value in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  ( SFAS 142 ). The
aggregate goodwill for each new segment is the sum of the reallocated goodwill for the product
lines comprising the segment. In addition, during the first quarter and subsequent to the end of
the first quarter, discussions about the sale of Romaco progressed and provided additional
information regarding the fair value of Romaco. After considering the fair value of the Romaco
segment, management determined there was an indicator of goodwill impairment under the rules of
SFAS 142. Management estimated the fair value of the Romaco segment using current prices that the
Company may receive in the potential disposition of all or parts of Romaco. Based on these
estimates, management estimated that goodwill in the Romaco segment should be written down by $30.0
million. This charge was included in our first quarter results. A formal appraisal was completed
in the third quarter to determine the final goodwill write-down. The results of the appraisal
determined that goodwill should be written down by an additional $9.2 million. This charge was
included in our third quarter fiscal 2006 results.

Unless otherwise noted, the costs mentioned below in this note were included on the  other  expense
line of our Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period indicated.

During fiscal 2006 and 2005, we incurred costs related to a restructuring program of our Process
Solutions and Romaco segments. The restructuring plan was initiated to improve the profitability
of these segments and included the following:

Plant closures (one of two Process Solutions facilities in Italy, a Process Solutions
facility in Mexico and a Romaco facility in Italy). 

Headcount reductions within the Process Solutions and Romaco segments. 

Reorganization of Romaco s distribution network. 

Disposition of two Romaco (Hapa and Laetus) and one Process Solutions (Edlon lined-pipe
and fittings) product lines. 

Sales of excess facilities. 

In fiscal 2005, we sold the aforementioned closed Italian facilities, sold the inventory and
equipment related to our Edlon lined-pipe and fittings product line, and reduced total headcount by
approximately 250 employees. We recorded restructuring costs in fiscal 2005 totaling $3.7 million
in the Process Solutions segment and $4.3 million in the Romaco segment. The costs in fiscal 2005
included $1.1 million to write-down inventory and $0.4 million to write-off intangibles related to
discontinued product lines. The inventory charge is included in cost of sales. Cash proceeds from
the sale of facilities and product lines were $9.7 million. The loss recognized in 2005 as a
result of these asset sales was $2.1 million.

In fiscal
2006, we sold the Hapa and Laetus product lines. In addition, we reorganized Romaco s sales distribution
network, sold and/or exited five Romaco and Process Solutions
facilities, that reduced headcount by
85 employees. We

14 

Table of Contents   

recorded restructuring costs in fiscal 2006 totaling $2.5 million in the Process Solutions segment
and $4.8 million in the Romaco segment. The costs in fiscal 2006 included $1.1 million to
write-down inventory related to discontinued product lines. This charge is included in cost of
sales. Offsetting the restructuring costs was a gain on the disposition of the Hapa and Laetus
product lines of Romaco of $8.1 million. Also during the year, we sold the Edlon lined-pipe and
fittings product line facility for $1.0 million. The loss on the disposition and other related
costs were $2.0 million.

In the second quarter of fiscal 2006 we reached an agreement to sell certain Chinese land and
buildings, resulting in a $1.8 million gain (before minority interest). The cash proceeds of $3.3
million from the sale are expected to be received in fiscal 2007. We have moved our production
operations to a newly constructed facility.

We have reached an agreement to sell the aforementioned closed Mexico facility. We expect to close
this sale, receive $6.0 million cash proceeds, and record a $5.5 million pre-tax gain in fiscal
2007.

We expect to incur additional personnel termination and facility closure costs of approximately
$2.0 million to $3.0 million in fiscal 2007 related to the Romaco distribution network
restructuring.

Results of Operations 

The following tables present components of our Consolidated Statement of Operations and segment
information.

15 

Table of Contents   

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2006 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2005  

Net Sales  

Sales for fiscal 2006 were $625.4 million compared to $604.8 million in fiscal 2005, an increase of
$20.6 million or 3.4%. The impact of exchange rates was minimal for the year. We disposed of
several product lines impacting the comparability of our sales. As of August 31, 2005 the Edlon
lined-pipe and fitting product line of the Process Solutions segment was sold and as of March 31,
2006 the Hapa and Laetus product lines of the Romaco segment were sold. These dispositions reduced
sales $29.2 million in fiscal 2006 as compared to fiscal 2005. Continuing business sales increased
$49.8 million or 8.7%.

The Fluid Management segment had sales of $245.2 million in fiscal 2006 compared to $198.7 million
in fiscal 2005, an increase of $46.5 million, or 23.4%. The increase was driven primarily by
strong demand for drilling and exploration equipment, likely resulting from high oil and natural
gas prices. The segment also enjoyed increases in sales for general industrial and chemical
processing applications as a result of healthy end market conditions.

The Process Solutions segment had sales of $231.0 million in fiscal 2006 compared to $238.7 million
in fiscal 2005. Continuing business sales increased $2.3 million, or 1.0%. Chemical processing and
pharmaceutical market conditions remained flat for much of the year; however, the Company
experienced a significant increase in orders during the second half of the year.

The Romaco segment had sales of $149.2 million in fiscal 2006 compared to $167.4 million in fiscal
2005. Continuing business sales increased $1.0 million, or 0.8%. Sales in this segment have
stabilized at or near historically low levels. Consolidation within the pharmaceutical industry as
well as the introduction of fewer new drug compounds has led to a decline in the investment in new
packaging capacity in this sector, which has negatively impacted our sales.

Earnings Before Interest and Income Taxes (EBIT)  

The Company s operating performance is evaluated using several measures including EBIT. EBIT is
income before interest and income taxes and is reconciled to net income on our Consolidated
Statement of Operations. We evaluate performance of our business segments and allocate resources
based on EBIT. EBIT is not, however, a measure of performance calculated in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and should not be considered as an
alternative to net income as a measure of our operating results. EBIT is not a measure of cash
available for use by management.

Consolidated EBIT for fiscal 2006 was $7.5 million compared to $21.5 million in fiscal 2005, a
decline of $14.0 million. The decline in EBIT was primarily due to the goodwill impairment charge
of $39.2 million, EBIT associated with disposed product lines during the year estimated at
approximately $2.5 million and higher costs related to variable pay, Sarbanes Oxley compliance and
the expensing of stock options under SFAS 123(R). Offsetting these EBIT declines were lower other
costs related to restructuring and facility dispositions of $10.7 million, the estimated
incremental profit from the sales increase of continuing businesses estimated at approximately
$17.0 million and estimated cost savings from restructuring activities of approximately $5.0
million.

The Fluid Management segment EBIT for fiscal 2006 was $56.5 million compared to $39.7 million in
fiscal 2005. The increase of $16.8 million resulted from the sales increase of $46.5 million.

The Process Solutions segment EBIT was $8.9 million for fiscal 2006 compared to $4.7 million for
fiscal 2005, an increase of $4.2 million. Other costs related to restructuring and facility
dispositions, discussed above, were $3.0 million lower in fiscal 2006. The remaining improvement
in profitability was primarily due to estimated cost savings realized from our restructuring
programs and the impact of product mix.

The Romaco segment EBIT was negative $38.2 million for fiscal 2006 compared to negative $7.9
million in fiscal 2005, a decrease of $30.3 million. The decline in EBIT was primarily due to the
goodwill impairment charge of $39.2 million in fiscal 2006 and the EBIT associated with disposed
product lines during the year estimated at approximately $2.5 million. Offsetting these EBIT
declines were lower other costs related to restructuring and facility dispositions in fiscal 2006
of $7.7 million. The remaining improvement is primarily from estimated cost savings from
restructuring programs.

16 

Table of Contents   

Interest expense  

Interest expense was $12.9 million in fiscal 2006 and $14.4 million in fiscal 2005. Cash generated
from operations, asset/product line sales and the conversion of $38.9 million of our convertible
notes into common stock late in the fiscal year all contributed to lower debt levels in fiscal
2006.

Income taxes  

We had $12.6 million of income tax expense in spite of a $5.4 million pretax loss because of two
significant transactions with minimal tax impact, the goodwill impairment charge of $39.2 million
and the gain on the sale of Hapa and Laetus of $8.1 million. After considering the impact of these
transactions, our effective tax rate in fiscal 2006 was 46.0% compared with 83.2% in fiscal 2005.
These high effective tax rates are the result of our inability to record tax benefits on losses
incurred in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions, primarily Germany and Italy, due to uncertainty
over our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income in these jurisdictions to utilize
these benefits. If our operations in these countries become profitable, our effective tax rate
will decrease as we recognize the benefits of loss carryforwards. The fiscal 2006 adjusted rate of
46.0% is lower than the fiscal 2005 rate because of lower losses in Germany and Italy in fiscal
2006.

Net loss  

Our net loss in fiscal 2006 was $19.6 million compared with a net loss in fiscal 2005 of $0.3
million. The overall reduction in net income is a result of the higher goodwill impairment and
other expenses of $28.5 million, as discussed above, and higher tax expense.

17 

Table of Contents   

Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2005 Compared with Fiscal Year Ended August 31, 2004  

Net Sales  

Sales for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2005 were $604.8 million compared to $585.8 million in
fiscal 2004. The impact of exchange rates, the translation of sales from non-U.S. operations into
U.S. dollars, caused an increase in sales of $16.6 million, resulting in a sales increase of $2.4
million on a constant dollar basis.

The Fluid Management segment had sales of $198.7 million in fiscal 2005 compared to $179.0 million
in fiscal 2004. The impact of exchange rates increased sales by $3.1 million resulting in an
increase of $16.6 million, or 9.3%, on a constant dollar basis. The increase in sales in this
segment was driven by the energy market where high prices for oil and natural gas have caused
increased investment demand for drilling and exploration equipment.

The Process Solutions segment had sales of $238.7 million in fiscal 2005 compared to $231.6 million
in fiscal 2004. The impact of exchange rates increased sales by $5.8 million resulting in an
increase of $1.3 million on a constant dollar basis. Sales are relatively flat at low historical
levels. The chemical processing market has shown some signs of improvement as capacity utilization
in that market is improving; however, consolidation within the pharmaceutical industry and weak
economic conditions in Europe have caused excess production capacity and limited new capital
investment by our customers. The purchase of capital equipment by these pharmaceutical companies
has declined and new projects are being delayed, which has negatively impacted sales of our
products.

The Romaco segment had sales of $167.4 million in fiscal 2005 compared to $175.1 million in fiscal
2004. The impact of exchange rates increased sales by $7.7 million resulting in a decrease of
$15.4 million, or 8.8% on a constant dollar basis. Consolidation within the pharmaceutical
industry as well as the introduction of fewer new drug compounds has led to a decline in the
investment in new packaging capacity in this sector, which has negatively impacted our sales in
this segment.

Earnings Before Interest and Income Taxes (EBIT)  

Consolidated EBIT for fiscal 2005 was $21.5 million compared to $30.3 million in fiscal 2004.
Included in the fiscal 2005 EBIT are costs in the Process Solutions segment for restructuring of
$3.7 million and asset dispositions of $2.1 million, as well as restructuring costs of $4.3 million
in the Romaco segment. EBIT was further impacted by additional costs of approximately $4.0 million
related to the initial documentation and testing requirements of Sarbanes Oxley section 404
compliance. These costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses.

The Fluid Management segment had EBIT of $39.7 million in fiscal 2005 compared to $35.1 million in
fiscal 2004, an increase of $4.6 million, or 13.1%. EBIT increased approximately $6.0 million due
to the sales volume increase mentioned above. Offsetting this improvement was higher pension and
medical costs in fiscal 2005 as compared to fiscal 2004.

The Process Solutions segment had EBIT of $4.7 million in fiscal 2005 compared to $9.3 million in
fiscal 2004, a decline of $4.6 million on consistent constant currency sales. EBIT decreased in
this segment in 2005 due to restructuring and business disposition costs of $5.8 million in fiscal
2005 that were not in fiscal 2004 and costs from underutilization of our production facilities of
$2.8 million. Offsetting these declines were realized cost savings from restructuring programs of
$4.0 million.

The Romaco segment had negative EBIT of $7.9 in fiscal 2005 compared to positive EBIT of $1.8
million in fiscal 2004, a decline of $9.7 million. EBIT declined by $4.3 million due to
restructuring costs incurred in fiscal 2005, $5.5 million from the aforementioned constant dollar
decline in sales volume and $6.0 million from lower selling prices for our products. Offsetting
these declines were the realized cost savings from our restructuring programs of $6.0 million.

Interest expense  

Interest expense was $14.4 million in fiscal 2005 and fiscal 2004. We had lower average debt
levels in fiscal 2005, but this was offset by slightly higher interest rates during fiscal 2005.

18 

Table of Contents   

Income taxes  

Our effective tax rate in fiscal 2005 was 83.2% compared with 23.2% in fiscal 2004. The
substantial increase in our effective tax rate is a result of our inability to record tax benefits
on losses incurred in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions, primarily Germany and Italy, due to
uncertainty about whether or not we will be able to generate sufficient future taxable income in
these jurisdictions to utilize these benefits. If our operations in these countries become
profitable, our effective tax rate will decrease as we recognize the benefits of loss
carryforwards.

Net loss  

Our net loss in fiscal 2005 was $0.3 million compared with net income in fiscal 2004 of $11.6
million. The overall reduction in net income is a result of the $10.0 million of restructuring and
other charges related to asset dispositions, reduction in selling prices within our Romaco segment,
and the higher effective tax rate caused by our inability to record tax benefits on losses incurred
in certain non-U.S. tax jurisdictions.

19 

Table of Contents   

Liquidity and Capital Resources  

Operating Activities  

In fiscal 2006, our cash flow from operating activities was $40.5 million compared with $26.8
million in fiscal 2005, an increase of $13.7 million. This increase resulted primarily from better
operating asset efficiency of $8.6 million and cash generated from other operating activities.

We expect our fiscal 2007 operating cash flow to be adequate to fund fiscal year 2007 operating
needs, scheduled debt service, shareholder dividend requirements and planned capital expenditures.
Our planned capital expenditures are related to additional production capacity, new products and
services, cost reductions and replacement items.

Investing Activities  

Our capital expenditures were $13.7 million in fiscal 2006, down from $20.3 million in fiscal 2005.
The capital expenditures increased our capacity and supported new product development activities
of our Fluid Management segment, and replaced equipment at our other business units.

During 2006, we sold the Hapa and Laetus product lines and two facilities to generate $27.8 million
of cash. In fiscal 2005 we sold three facilities and we sold inventory and equipment related to our
Edlon lined-pipe and fittings product line, which generated total cash proceeds of $15.8 million.

Financing Activities  

We paid $0.5 million to amend and extend our credit agreement in fiscal 2006. Dividends paid
during fiscal 2006 were $3.3 million. Proceeds from the sale of common stock were $5.7 million in
fiscal 2006 and related mostly to the exercise of stock options by current and former employees.

Credit Agreement  

Our Bank Credit Agreement ( Agreement ) provides that we may borrow on a revolving credit basis up
to a maximum of $50.0 million. All outstanding amounts under the Agreement are due and payable on
November 30, 2007. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or prime, at our option,
and is payable at least quarterly. At August 31, 2006, there were no amounts borrowed under the
Agreement. Indebtedness under the Agreement is secured by accounts receivable, inventory,
equipment and fixtures of our U.S. subsidiaries, the pledge of the stock of our U.S. subsidiaries
and the pledge of the stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under this Agreement and other lines
of credit, we had $50.0 million of unused borrowing capacity. However, due to our financial
covenants and outstanding standby letters of credit, we could only incur additional indebtedness of
$28.9 million at August 31, 2006. We had $21.1 million of standby letters of credit outstanding at
August 31, 2006. These standby letters of credit are used as security for advance payments received
from customers and future payments to our vendors. The agreement expires on November 30, 2007 and
we are actively negotiating an amendment or replacement of the current facility to expand capacity,
reduce costs and increase strategic flexibility.

20 

Table of Contents   

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates  

This  Management s Discussion and Analysis  is based on our Consolidated Financial Statements and
the related notes. The more critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our
Consolidated Financial Statements are discussed below.

Revenue Recognition  

We recognize revenue at the time of title passage to our customer. In instances where we have
equipment installation obligations, the revenue related to the installation service is deferred
until installation is complete. We recognize revenue for certain longer-term contracts based on the
percentage of completion method. The percentage of completion method requires estimates of total
expected contract revenue and costs. We follow this method since we can make reasonably dependable
estimates of the revenue and cost applicable to various stages of the contract. Revisions in profit
estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that gave rise to the revision become
known.

Use of Estimates  

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported
in the consolidated financial statements and the related notes. Significant estimates made by us
include the allowance for doubtful accounts, inventory valuation, deferred tax asset valuation
allowance, warranty accruals, litigation, product liability, environmental accruals, goodwill
valuation and retirement benefit obligations.

Our estimate for uncollectible accounts receivable is based upon an analysis of our prior
collection experience, specific customer creditworthiness and current economic trends within the
industries we serve. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific customer s inability to meet
its financial obligation to us (e.g., bankruptcy filings or substantial downgrading of credit
ratings), we record a specific reserve to reduce the receivable to the amount we reasonably believe
will be collected. For all other customers, we recognize reserves for bad debts based on the length
of time that the receivables are past due.

Inventory valuation reserves are determined based on our assessment of the market conditions for
our products and the on hand quantities of inventory in relation to historical usage. As of August
31, 2006 we have inventory valuation reserves of $17.5 million. The inventory upon which this
reserve relates is still on hand and will be sold or disposed of in the future. The expected
selling price of this inventory approximates its net book value, therefore there is no significant
impact on gross margin when it is sold.

We have recorded valuation allowances to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets that
may not be realized based upon our analysis of estimated future taxable income and establishment of
tax strategies. Future taxable income, reversals of temporary differences, available carryback
periods, the results of tax strategies and changes in tax laws could impact these estimates.

Warranty obligations are contingent upon product failure rates, material required for the repairs
and service delivery costs. We estimate the warranty accrual based on specific product failures
that are known to us plus an additional amount based on the historical relationship of warranty
claims to sales. We record litigation, product liability and environmental reserves based upon a
case-by-case analysis of the facts, circumstances and estimated costs.

These estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of our assets and
liabilities and are based on the best available information at the time we prepare our consolidated
financial statements. These estimates are subject to change as conditions within and beyond our
control change, including but not limited to economic conditions, the availability of additional
information and actual experience rates different from those used in our estimates. Accordingly,
actual results may differ from these estimates.

Goodwill  

Goodwill is tested on an annual basis, or more frequently as impairment indicators arise.
Impairment tests, which involve the use of estimates related to the fair market values of the
business operations with which goodwill is associated, were performed during fiscal 2006 to
determine goodwill impairment and at year-end (our annual impairment test date). The process of
evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is subjective and requires significant judgment at
many points during the analysis. In estimating the fair value of the businesses for the

21 

Table of Contents   

purposes of our annual or periodic analyses, we make estimates and judgments about the future cash
flows of these businesses. Although our cash flow forecasts are based on assumptions that are
consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses, there is
significant judgment in determining the cash flows attributable to these businesses over their
estimated remaining useful lives. Losses, if any, resulting from impairment tests are reflected in
operating income in our Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Foreign Currency Accounting  

Gains and losses resulting from the settlement of a transaction in a currency different from that
used to record the transaction are charged or credited to net income or loss when incurred.
Adjustments resulting from the translation of non-U.S. financial statements into U.S. dollars are
recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss for all non-U.S. units.

We use permanently invested intercompany loans as a source of capital to reduce the exposure to
foreign currency fluctuations in our foreign subsidiaries. These loans are treated as analogous to
equity for accounting purposes. Therefore, we record foreign exchange gains or losses on these
intercompany loans in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss.

Pensions  

We maintain defined benefit and defined contribution pension plans that provide retirement benefits
to substantially all U.S. employees and certain non-U.S. employees. Pension expense for fiscal 2006
and beyond is dependent on a number of factors including returns on plan assets and changes in the
plan s discount rate and therefore, cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. The following
paragraphs discuss the significant factors that affect the amount of recorded pension expense.

A significant factor in determining the amount of expense recorded for a funded pension plan is the
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. We develop the long-term rate of return
assumption based on the current mix of equity and debt securities included in the plan s assets and
on the historical returns on those types of investments, judgmentally adjusted to reflect current
expectations of future returns.

In addition to the expected rate of return on plan assets, recorded pension expense includes the
effects of service cost   the actuarial cost of benefits earned during a period   and interest on
the plan s liabilities to participants. These amounts are determined actuarially based on current
discount rates and assumptions regarding matters such as future salary increases and mortality.
Differences in actual experience in relation to these assumptions are generally not recognized
immediately but rather are deferred together with asset-related gains or losses. When cumulative
asset-related and liability-related gains or losses exceed the greater of 10% of total liabilities
or the calculated value of plan assets, the excess is amortized and included in pension income or
expense. At August 31, 2006, the discount rate used to value the liabilities of the principal U.S.
plan was 6.00%. We determine our discount rate based on an actuarial yield curve applied to the
payments we expect to make out of our retirement plans.

Additional changes in the key assumptions discussed above would affect the amount of pension
expense currently expected to be recorded for years subsequent to 2006. Specifically, a one-half
percent decrease in the rate of return on assets assumption would have the effect of increasing
pension expense by approximately $0.4 million. A comparable increase in this assumption would have
the opposite effect. In addition, a one-half percent increase or decrease in the discount rate
would decrease or increase expense by approximately $0.5 million.

New Accounting Pronouncement 

In July 2006 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   An Interpretation of FASB Statement 109  (FIN 48).
FIN 48 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, measure, present and
disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the company has taken or expects
to take on a tax return. FIN 48 is effective as of the beginning of fiscal years that start after
December 15, 2006. We have not yet determined the effect on the Company s financial
position or results of operations of complying with the provisions of FIN 48.

22 

Table of Contents   

In September 2006 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB Statement No. 158,
 Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans   an amendment of
FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)  (SFAS No. 158). SFAS No. 158 requires an employer to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of defined benefit postretirement plans as an asset
or liability in its Balance Sheet, and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in
which the changes occur through comprehensive income. An employer is required to initially
recognize the funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan and to provide the required
disclosures of SFAS No. 158 as of the end of the fiscal year ending after December 15, 2006. We
have not yet determined the effect on the Company s financial position from complying with the
provisions of SFAS No. 158.

23 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 7A.   QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We maintain operations in the U.S. and foreign countries. We have market risk exposure to foreign
exchange rates in the normal course of our business operations. Our significant non-U.S. operations
have their local currencies as their functional currency and primarily buy and sell using that same
currency. We manage our exposure to net assets and cash flows in currencies other than U.S. dollars
by minimizing our non-U.S. dollar net asset positions. We also enter into hedging transactions,
primarily currency swaps, under established policies and guidelines that enable us to mitigate the
potential adverse impact of foreign exchange rate risk. We do not engage in trading or other
speculative activities with these transactions as established policies require that these hedging
transactions relate to specific currency exposures.

Our main foreign exchange rate exposures relate to assets, liabilities and cash flows denominated
in British pounds, euros, Swiss francs and Canadian dollars and the general economic exposure that
fluctuations in these currencies could have on the U.S. dollar value of future non-U.S. cash flows.
To illustrate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on us for fiscal
2006, the net unhedged exposures in each currency were remeasured assuming a 10% decrease in
foreign exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar. Using this method, our EBIT for fiscal 2006
would have increased by $0.8 million and our cash flow from operations for fiscal 2006 would have
decreased by $1.7 million. This calculation assumed that each exchange rate would change in the
same direction relative to the U.S. dollar. In addition to the direct effects of changes in
exchange rates, these changes may also affect the volume of sales or the foreign currency sales
prices as competitors  products become more or less attractive. Our sensitivity analysis of the
effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates does not include any effects of potential
changes in sales levels or local currency prices.

We also have market risk exposure to interest rates. At August 31, 2006, we had $105.5 million in
interest-bearing debt obligations subject to market risk exposure due to changes in interest rates.
To manage our exposure to changes in interest rates, we attempt to maintain a balance between fixed
and variable rate debt. We expect this balance in the debt profile to moderate our financing cost
over time. We are limited in our ability to refinance our fixed rate debt. However, we have the
ability to change the characteristics of our fixed rate debt to variable rate debt through interest
rate swaps to achieve our objective of balance. We have an interest rate swap agreement that
effectively modifies a portion of our fixed rate debt to floating rate debt. This agreement
involves the receipt of fixed rate amounts in exchange for floating rate interest payments over the
life of the agreement without an exchange of underlying principal amounts. The mark-to-market
values of both the fair value hedging instrument and the underlying debt obligation were equal and
recorded as offsetting gains and losses in current period earnings. The fair value hedge qualifies
for treatment under the short-cut method of measuring effectiveness. As a result, there was no
impact on earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness. The interest rate swap agreement totals $30.0
million, expires in 2008 and allows us to receive an effective interest rate of 6.76% and pay an
interest rate based on LIBOR.

At August 31, 2006, $71.0 million of our outstanding debt was at fixed rates with a weighted
average interest rate of 6.8% and $34.5 million was at variable rates with a weighted average
interest rate of 6.2%. The estimated fair value of our debt at August 31, 2006 was approximately
$109.0 million. The following table presents the aggregate maturities and related weighted average
interest rates of our debt obligations at August 31, 2006 by maturity dates:

24 

Table of Contents   

Following is information regarding our long-term contractual obligations and other commitments
outstanding as of August 31, 2006:

(1) 
       
     Operating leases consist primarily of building and equipment leases. 

25 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of 
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries

We have audited management s assessment, included in the accompanying Management s Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting, that Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the
Company) maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006,
based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). The Company s management
is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is
to express an opinion on management s assessment and an opinion on the effectiveness of the
company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was
maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal
control over financial reporting, evaluating management s assessment, testing and evaluating the
design and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other procedures as we
considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion.

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A
company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)
pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company;
and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the
financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our opinion, management s assessment that the Company maintained effective internal control over
financial reporting as of August 31, 2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, based on the
COSO criteria. Also, in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective
internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries as of
August 31, 2006 and 2005 and the related consolidated statements of operations, shareholders 
equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31, 2006 and our
report dated November 10, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
Dayton, Ohio 
November 10, 2006

26 

Table of Contents   

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and
Subsidiaries as of August 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders  equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended August 31,
2006. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the consolidated financial position of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries at August
31, 2006 and 2005 and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the three years in the period ended August 31, 2006, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States), the effectiveness of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries  internal
control over financial reporting as of August, 31, 2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission and our report dated November 10, 2006 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
Dayton, Ohio 
November 10, 2006

27 

Table of Contents   

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET  
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
(In thousands, except share data)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

28 

Table of Contents   

CONSOLIDATED SHAREHOLDERS  EQUITY STATEMENT  
Robbins   Myers Inc. and Subsidiaries 
(In thousands, except share and per share data)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

29 

Table of Contents   

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS  
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
(In thousands, except per share data)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

30 

Table of Contents   

CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT  
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
(In thousands)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

31 

Table of Contents   

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries

NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Consolidation 

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Robbins   Myers, Inc. ( we,   us, 
 our ) and all of its subsidiaries in which a controlling interest is maintained. Controlling
interest is determined by majority ownership interest and the absence of substantive third-party
participation rights. For these consolidated subsidiaries where our ownership is less than 100%,
the other shareholders  interests are shown as Minority Interest. All significant intercompany
accounts and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation. We produce and sell original and
used equipment and aftermarket parts for a variety of markets including energy, industrial,
chemical and pharmaceutical.

Use of Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported
in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

Accounts Receivable 

Accounts receivable relate primarily to customers located in North America and Western Europe and
are concentrated in the pharmaceutical, specialty chemical and oil and gas markets. To reduce
credit risk, we perform credit investigations prior to accepting an order and, when necessary,
require letters of credit to insure payment.

Our estimate for uncollectible accounts receivable is based upon an analysis of our prior
collection experience, specific customer creditworthiness and current economic trends within the
industries we serve. In circumstances where we are aware of a specific customer s inability to meet
its financial obligation to us (e.g., bankruptcy filings or substantial downgrading of credit
ratings), we record a specific reserve to reduce the receivable to the amount we reasonably believe
will be collected. For all other customers, we recognize reserves for bad debts based on the length
of time that the receivables are past due.

Inventories 

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market determined by the last-in, first-out ( LIFO )
method in the U.S. and the first-in, first-out ( FIFO ) method outside the U.S. Inventory valuation
reserves are determined based on our assessment of the market conditions for our products and the
on hand quantities of inventory in relation to historical usage.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price paid over the value of net assets of businesses
acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment on an annual basis, or more
frequently as impairment indicators arise, using a fair market value approach, at the reporting
unit level. We recognize an impairment charge for any amount by which the carrying amount of an
operating segment s goodwill exceeds its fair value. Impairment tests are performed in the first
quarter of each year based on August 31 financial information. Losses, if any, resulting from
impairment tests will be reflected in operating income in our Consolidated Statement of Operations.

Amortization of other intangible assets is calculated on the straight-line basis using the
following lives:

Patents and trademarks

14 to 17 years 

Non-compete agreements

3 to 5 years 

Financing costs

3 to 5 years 

Property, Plant and Equipment 

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation expense is recorded over the
estimated useful life of the asset on the straight-line method using the following lives:

32 

Table of Contents   

Our normal policy is to expense repairs and improvements made to capital assets as incurred. In
limited circumstances, betterments are capitalized and amortized over the estimated life of the new
asset and any remaining value of the old asset is written off. Repairs to machinery and equipment
must result in an addition to the useful life of the asset before the costs are capitalized.

Foreign Currency Accounting 

Gains and losses resulting from the settlement of a transaction in a currency different from that
used to record the transaction are charged or credited to net income or loss when incurred.
Adjustments resulting from the translation of non-U.S. financial statements into U.S. dollars are
recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss for all non-U.S. units.

Product Warranties 

Warranty obligations are contingent upon product failure rates, material required for the repairs
and service delivery costs. We estimate the warranty accrual based on specific product failures
that are known to us plus an additional amount based on the historical relationship of warranty
claims to sales.

Changes in our product warranty liability during the year are as follows:

Consolidated Statement of Operations 

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development costs in fiscal
2006, 2005 and 2004 were $7,799,000, $8,667,000 and $6,688,000, respectively. Shipping and handling
costs are included in cost of sales. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue at the time of title passage to our customer. In instances where we have
equipment installation obligations, the revenue related to the installation service is deferred
until installation is complete. We recognize revenue for certain longer-term contracts based on the
percentage of completion method. The percentage of completion method requires estimates of total
expected contract revenue and costs. We follow this method since we can make reasonably dependable
estimates of the revenue and cost applicable to various stages of the contract. Revisions in profit
estimates are reflected in the period in which the facts that gave rise to the revision become
known.

Income Taxes 

Income taxes are provided for all items included in the Consolidated Statement of Operations
regardless of the period when such items are reported for income tax purposes. Deferred income
taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. We have
recorded valuation allowances to reflect the estimated amount of deferred tax assets that may not
be realized based upon our analysis of estimated future taxable income and establishment of tax
strategies. Future taxable income, reversals of temporary differences, available carryback periods,
the results of tax strategies and changes in tax laws could impact these estimates.

Our policy is to provide U.S. income taxes on non-U.S. income when remitted to the U.S. We have not
provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings of international subsidiaries because the
earnings are deemed permanently reinvested. It is anticipated that the Company will continue to
annually remit a portion of prospective earnings of certain international subsidiaries in the form
of taxable dividends. The U.S. tax consequences of those dividends will be recorded when such
dividends are paid. Since the Company intends to remit earnings from certain of its international
subsidiaries only on a prospective basis, the Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 23,
 Accounting for Income Taxes , exception will continue to apply to the international subsidiaries
accumulated earnings and profits, which aggregated $84,209,000 and $70,549,000 at August 31, 2006
and 2005, respectively, and for earnings that the Company does not expect to remit as dividends. 

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement 

Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash balances and temporary investments having an original
maturity of 90 days or less.

33 

Table of Contents   

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

The following methods and assumptions were used by us in estimating the fair value of financial
instruments:

Cash and cash equivalents   The amounts reported approximate market value.

Long-term debt   The market value of our debt is $109,031,000 at August 31, 2006 and
$173,202,000 at August 31, 2005. These amounts are based on the terms, interest rates
and maturities currently available to us for similar debt instruments.

Foreign exchange contracts   The amounts reported are estimated using quoted market prices for
similar instruments.

Common Stock Plans 

We sponsor a long-term incentive stock plan to provide for the granting of stock-based compensation
to certain officers and other key employees. In addition, we sponsor stock option and stock
compensation plans for non-employee directors. Under the plans, the stock option price per share
may not be less than the fair market value per share as of the date of grant. For officers and
other key employees, outstanding grants become exercisable over a three-year period, while options
for non-employee directors are immediately exercisable. Prior to September 1, 2005, we accounted
for those plans under the recognition and measurement provisions of Accounting Principles Bulletin
Opinion No. 25,  Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees , and related Interpretations, as permitted
by Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ( SFAS ) Statement No. 123,  Accounting for
Stock-Based Compensation . No stock-based employee compensation cost was recognized in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations for years ended August 31, 2005 and 2004 as all options
granted under those plans had an exercise price equal to the market value of the underlying common
stock on the date of grant. Effective September 1, 2005, we adopted the fair value recognition
provisions of SFAS Statement No. 123(R),  Share-Based Payments , using the
modified-prospective-transition method. Under that transition method, compensation cost recognized
in fiscal 2006 included: (a) compensation cost for all share-based payments granted prior to, but
not yet vested as of September 1, 2005, based on the grant date fair value estimated in accordance
with the original provisions of Statement 123, and (b) compensation cost for all share-based
payments granted subsequent to September 1, 2005, based on the grant-date fair value estimated in
accordance with the provisions of SFAS No. 123(R). Results for the prior period have not been
restated.

As a result of adopting SFAS No. 123(R) on September 1, 2005, our loss before income taxes for the
year ended August 31, 2006 was impacted by additional expenses of $837,000 ($519,000 after tax, or
$0.03 per diluted share).

The fair value of each stock option grant in fiscal year 2006 was estimated on the date of grant
using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions:

34 

Table of Contents   

The following table illustrates the effect on net income and net income per share if we had applied
the fair value recognition provisions of SFAS No. 123 to options granted under our stock option
plans in all periods presented. For purposes of this pro-forma disclosure, the value of the options
is estimated using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing formula and amortized to expense over the
options  vesting periods.

Pro-forma information regarding net (loss) income and net (loss) income per share has been
determined as if we had accounted for stock options granted subsequent to August 31, 1995 under the
fair value method of SFAS Statement No. 123. The fair value for these options was estimated at the
date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton model with the following weighted-average assumptions
(there were no stock options issued in fiscal 2005):

Derivatives and Hedging Activities 

We account for derivative instruments in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards ( SFAS ) No. 133,  Accounting for Derivatives and Hedging Activities,  as amended. This
standard requires the recognition of all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value and
recognition of the resulting gains or losses as adjustments to earnings or other comprehensive
income. We formally document all relationships between hedging instruments and hedged items, as
well as our risk management objective and strategy for undertaking various hedge transactions. Our
hedging activities are transacted only with a highly-rated institution, reducing the exposure to
credit risk in the event of nonperformance. We use derivatives for fair value hedging purposes. For
derivative instruments that hedge the exposure to changes in the fair value of certain fixed rate
debt, designated as fair value hedges, the effective portion of the net gain or loss on the
derivative instrument, as well as the offsetting gain or loss on the fixed rate debt attributable
to the hedged risk, are recorded in current period earnings. We use swap agreements to convert a
portion of fixed rate debt to a floating rate basis, thus hedging for changes in the fair value of
the fixed rate debt being hedged. We have determined that this interest rate swap, designated as a
fair value hedge, qualifies for treatment under the short-cut method of measuring effectiveness.
Under the provisions of SFAS No. 133, this hedge is determined to be perfectly effective and there
is no requirement to periodically evaluate effectiveness.

New Accounting Pronouncement 

In July 2006 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB Interpretation No. 48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes   An Interpretation of FASB Statement 109  (FIN 48).
FIN 48 prescribes a comprehensive model for how a company should recognize, measure, present and
disclose in its financial statements uncertain tax positions that the company has taken or expects
to take on a tax return. FIN 48 is effective as of the beginning of fiscal years that start after
December 15, 2006. We have not yet determined the effect on the Company s financial position or
results of operations of complying with the provisions of FIN 48.

35 

Table of Contents   

In September 2006 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued FASB Statement No. 158,
 Employers  Accounting for Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans   an amendment of
FASB Statements No. 87, 88, 106, and 132(R)  (SFAS No. 158). SFAS No. 158 requires an employer to
recognize the overfunded or underfunded status of defined benefit postretirement plans as an asset
or liability in its Balance Sheet, and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in
which the changes occur through comprehensive income. An employer is required to initially
recognize the funded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan and to provide the required
disclosures of SFAS No. 158 as of the end of the fiscal year ending after December 15, 2006. We
have has not yet determined the effect on the Company s financial position from complying with the
provisions of SFAS No. 158.

Reclassifications 

Certain prior year amounts are reclassified to conform with the current year presentation.

NOTE 2   BALANCE SHEET INFORMATION 

36 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 3   STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS INFORMATION 

Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2006, we reported realigned segments. The new segment
structure is a result of a significant reorganization of management, operations and reporting that
occurred during the first quarter of fiscal 2006. The Fluid Management segment is comprised of the
R M Energy Systems, Moyno and Tarby product lines. The Process Solutions segment is comprised of
the Pfaudler, Tycon Technoglass, Chemineer and Edlon product lines. The Romaco segment includes
the Hapa and Laetus (prior to their sale) and FrymaKoruma, Noack, Siebler, Macofar, Promatic,
Unipac, IPM, Zanchetta and Bosspak product lines.

As a result of the segment realignment, the goodwill recorded as of August 31, 2005 was allocated
to the aforementioned product lines based on their relative fair value in accordance with Statement
of Financial Accounting Standard No. 142  Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets  ( FAS 142 ). The
aggregate goodwill for each new segment is the sum of the reallocated goodwill for the product
lines comprising the segment. In addition, during the first quarter and subsequent to the end of
the first quarter, discussions about the sale of Romaco progressed and provided additional
information regarding the fair value of Romaco. After considering the fair value of the Romaco
segment, management determined there was an indicator of goodwill impairment under the rules of FAS
142. Management estimated the fair value of the Romaco segment using current prices that the
Company may receive in the potential disposition of all or parts of Romaco. Based on these
estimates, management estimated that goodwill in the Romaco segment should be written down by
$30,000,000. This charge was included in our first quarter earnings. A formal third-party
appraisal was completed in the third quarter to determine the final goodwill write-down. The
results of the appraisal determined that goodwill should be written down by an additional
$9,174,000. This charge was included in our third quarter fiscal 2006 results.

Unless
otherwise noted, the costs mentioned below in this note were included
on the  other (income) expense 
 line of our Consolidated Statement of Operations in the period indicated.

During fiscal 2006 and 2005, we incurred costs related to a restructuring program of our Process
Solutions and Romaco segments. The restructuring plan was initiated to improve the profitability
of these segments and included the following:

Plant closures (one of two Process Solutions facilities in Italy, a Process Solutions
facility in Mexico and the Unipac facility of Romaco in Italy). 

Headcount reductions within the Process Solutions and Romaco segments. 

Reorganization of Romaco s distribution network. 

Disposition of two of Romaco (Hapa and Laetus) and one Process Solutions (Edlon
lined-pipe and fittings) product lines. 

Sale of excess facilities. 

37 

Table of Contents   

In fiscal 2005, we sold the aforementioned closed Italian facilities, sold the inventory and
equipment related to our Edlon lined-pipe and fittings product line, and reduced total headcount by
approximately 250 employees. We recorded restructuring costs in fiscal 2005 totaling $3,684,000 in
the Process Solutions segment and $4,279,000 in the Romaco segment. The costs in fiscal 2005
included $1,130,000 to write-down inventory and $408,000 to write-off intangibles related to
discontinued product lines. The inventory charge is included in cost of sales. Cash proceeds from
the sale of facilities and product lines were $9,732,000. The loss recognized in 2005 as a result
of these asset sales was $2,053,000.

In fiscal
2006, we sold the Hapa and Laetus product lines. In addition, we reorganized Romaco s sales distribution
network, sold and/or exited five Romaco and Process Solutions
facilities, that reduced headcount by
85 employees. We recorded restructuring costs in fiscal 2006 totaling $2,541,000 in the Process
Solutions segment and $4,755,000 in the Romaco segment. The costs in fiscal 2006 included
$1,127,000 to write-down inventory related to discontinued product lines. This charge is included
in cost of sales. Offsetting the restructuring costs was a gain on the disposition of the Hapa and
Laetus product lines of Romaco of $8,144,000. Also during the year, we sold the Edlon lined-pipe
and fittings product line facility for $1,000,000. The loss on the disposition and other related
costs were $1,989,000.

In the second quarter of fiscal 2006 we reached an agreement to sell certain Chinese land and
buildings, resulting in a $1,800,000 gain (before minority interest). The cash proceeds of
$3,300,000 from the sale are expected to be received in fiscal 2007. We have moved our production
operations to a newly constructed facility.

We have reached an agreement to sell the aforementioned closed Mexico facility. We expect to close
this sale, receive $6,000,000 cash proceeds, and record a $5,500,000 pre-tax gain in fiscal 2007.

We expect to incur additional personnel termination and facility closure costs of approximately
$2,000,000 to $3,000,000 in fiscal 2007 related to the Romaco distribution network restructuring.

Following is a progression of the liability for termination benefits:

In fiscal 2004, we recorded $1,378,000 of costs associated with the retirement of our former
President and CEO and we recorded $761,000 of severance cost for approximately 20 people related to
the closure of one of the Process Solutions facilities in Italy.

Minimum lease payments 

Future minimum payments, by year and in the aggregate, under non-cancellable operating leases with
initial or remaining terms of one year or more consisted of the following at August 31, 2006:

Rental expense for all operating leases in 2006, 2005 and 2004 was approximately $4,971,000,
$5,799,000 and $4,721,000, respectively.

38 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 4   PRODUCT LINE DISPOSITIONS 

On March 31, 2006, we completed the sale of two of our Romaco product lines   Hapa and Laetus   for
total consideration of approximately $31,000,000. We received cash proceeds of $26,900,000 with
the remaining purchase price paid into an escrow account. The amount paid into escrow serves as
collateral for claims by the purchaser under the terms of the Asset and Share Purchase Agreement.
We have not recognized the cash in escrow as an asset as of August 31, 2006. This will be
recognized as an asset and additional gain, if any, when the final payment from escrow is
determinable. Hapa and Laetus had combined sales of approximately $42,000,000 for our fiscal year
ended August 31, 2005. The sale generated a pre-tax gain of $8,144,000 ($7,017,000 after-tax gain,
or $0.47 per diluted share). The cash proceeds were used to pay off the $12,332,000 balance of our
10.00% Subordinated Notes and reduce our revolving credit loan.

On August 31, 2005, we sold the inventory and equipment related to our Edlon lined-pipe and
fittings product line for $8,000,000. The sale generated a loss of $131,000 ($81,000 after tax, or
$0.01 per diluted share).

NOTE 5   CASH FLOW STATEMENT INFORMATION 

In fiscal 2006, we recorded the following non-cash investing and financing transactions: exchange
of $38,914,000 of existing 8.00% convertible subordinated notes for common stock; $2,599,000
decrease in deferred tax assets, $8,605,000 decrease in long-term liabilities, $787,000 decrease in
pension intangible asset and $5,219,000 decrease in the minimum pension liability related to our
pension plans; and $203,000 increase in common stock and decrease in income tax payable related to
the tax benefits of stock options exercised.

In fiscal 2005, we recorded the following non-cash investing and financing transactions:
$3,948,000 increase in deferred tax assets, $8,691,000 increase in long-term liabilities, $505,000
increase in pension intangible asset and $4,743,000 increase in the minimum pension liability
related to our pension plans; and $112,000 increase in common stock and decrease in income tax
payable related to the tax benefits of stock options exercised.

In fiscal 2004, we recorded the following non-cash investing and financing transactions:
$2,450,000 increase in deferred tax assets, $7,842,000 increase in long-term liabilities, $838,000
increase in pension intangible asset and $4,554,000 increase in the minimum pension liability
related to our pension plans; and $176,000 increase in common stock and decrease in income tax
payable related to the tax benefits of stock options exercised.

Supplemental cash flow information consisted of the following:

39 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 6 GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by operating segment are as follows:

In fiscal 2006, we were able to utilize certain net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards and deferred
tax assets that existed at the purchase date of Romaco. No value was allocated to these items in
the opening balance sheet of Romaco; therefore the utilization of these items is recorded as a
reduction to goodwill. The reduction of goodwill was $1,859,000 in fiscal 2006. In fiscal 2006 we
also reduced a tax accrual that was provided in the opening balance of Romaco. The reduction was
$3,632,000 and was recorded as a reduction to goodwill.

Information regarding our other intangible assets is as follows:

We estimate that amortization expense will be approximately $2,300,000 for each of the next five
years.

40 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 7   LONG-TERM DEBT 

Our Bank Credit Agreement ( Agreement ) provides that we may borrow on a revolving credit basis up
to a maximum of $50,000,000. All outstanding amounts under the Agreement are due and payable on
November 30, 2007. Interest is variable based upon formulas tied to LIBOR or prime, at our option,
and is payable at least quarterly. Indebtedness under the Agreement is secured by accounts
receivable, inventory, equipment and fixtures of our U.S. subsidiaries, the pledge of the stock of
our U.S. subsidiaries and the pledge of the stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. Under this
Agreement and other lines of credit, we had $50,000,000 of unused borrowing capacity. However, due
to our financial covenants and outstanding standby letters of credit, we could only incur
additional indebtedness of $28,920,000 at August 31, 2006. We had $21,080,000 of standby letters of
credit outstanding at August 31, 2006. These standby letters of credit are used as security for
advance payments received from customers and future payments to our vendors.

We had $100,000,000 of Senior Notes ( Senior Notes ) issued in two series. Series A in the
principal amount of $70,000,000 has an interest rate of 6.76% and is due May 1, 2008, and Series B
in the principal amount of $30,000,000 has an interest rate of 6.84% and is due May 1, 2010.
Interest is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1.

The above agreements have certain restrictive covenants including limitations on cash dividends,
treasury stock purchases, acquisitions, capital expenditures and thresholds for interest coverage
and leverage ratios. The amount of cash dividends and treasury stock purchases, other than in
relation to stock option exercises, we may incur in each fiscal year is restricted to the greater
of $3,500,000 or 50% of our consolidated net income for the immediately preceding fiscal year, plus
a portion of any unused amounts from the preceding fiscal year.

Our other debt consisted primarily of unsecured non-U.S. bank lines of credit and secured mortgages
with interest rates ranging from 4.00% to 8.00%.

We have an interest rate swap agreement. The interest rate swap agreement utilized by us
effectively modifies our exposure to interest rate risk by converting our fixed rate debt to
floating rate debt. This agreement involves the receipt of fixed rate amounts in exchange for
floating rate interest payments over the life of the agreement without an exchange of underlying
principal amounts. The mark-to-market values of both the fair value hedging instrument and the
underlying debt obligation were equal and recorded as offsetting gains and losses in current period
earnings. The fair value hedge qualifies for treatment under the short-cut method of measuring
effectiveness. As a result, there is no impact on earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness. The
interest rate swap agreement totals $30,000,000, expires in 2008 and allows us to receive an
interest rate of 6.76% and pay an interest rate based on LIBOR.

41 

Table of Contents   

Aggregate principal payments of long-term debt, for the five years subsequent to August 31, 2006,
are as follows:

NOTE 8   RETIREMENT BENEFITS 

We sponsor two defined contribution plans covering most U.S. salaried employees and certain U.S.
hourly employees. Contributions are made to the plans based on a percentage of eligible amounts
contributed by participating employees. We also sponsor several defined benefit plans covering
certain employees. Benefits are based on years of service and employees  compensation or stated
amounts for each year of service. Our funding policy is consistent with the funding requirements of
applicable regulations. At August 31, 2006 and 2005, pension assets included 171,700 and 207,400
shares respectively, of our common stock.

In addition to pension benefits, we provide health care and life insurance benefits for certain of
our retired U.S. employees. Our policy is to fund the cost of these benefits as claims are paid.

Retirement and other post-retirement plan costs are as follows:

42 

Table of Contents   

The benefit obligation, funded status and amounts recorded in the balance sheet at August 31, are
as follows:

Pension plans with accumulated ( ABO ) and projected ( PBO ) benefit obligations in excess of plan
assets:

43 

Table of Contents   

In 2006 and 2005, $40,913,000 and $39,975,000, respectively, of the unfunded ABO and $43,399,000
and $42,366,000, respectively, of the unfunded PBO related to our pension plan for our German
operation. Funding of pension obligations is not required in Germany.

The weighted allocations of pension plan assets at August 31, 2006 and 2005 are shown in the
following table.

At August 31, 2006, our target allocation percentages for plan assets were approximately 65% equity
securities and 35% debt securities. The targets may be adjusted periodically to reflect current
market conditions and trends as well as inflation levels, interest rates and the trend thereof, and
economic and monetary policy. The objective underlying this allocation is to achieve a long-term
rate of return of 5.75% above inflation.

The expected long-term rates of return on plan assets for purposes of determining pension expense
were 8.00% in 2006, 8.25% in 2005 and 8.50% in 2004. We will use an 8.00% rate in 2007. Expected
rates of return are developed based on the target allocation of debt and equity securities and on
the historical returns on these types of investments judgmentally adjusted to reflect current
expectations based on historical experience of the plan s investment managers. In evaluating future
returns on equity securities, the existing portfolio is stratified to separately consider large and
small capitalization investments as well as international and other types of securities.

We expect to make future benefits payments from our benefit plans as follows:

44 

Table of Contents   

The actuarial weighted average assumptions used to determine plan liabilities at August 31, are as
follows:

The actuarial weighted average assumptions used to determine plan costs are as follows (measurement
date September 1):

The assumed health care trend rate has a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care
benefits. A one-percentage point change in assumed health care rate would have the following
effects:

45 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 9   INCOME TAXES 

Deferred income taxes reflect the net effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax
purposes.

The tax credit carryforwards, which primarily relate to foreign tax credits, begin to expire in
fiscal 2012. The primary components of the net operating loss carryforwards exist in Germany, Italy
and the Netherlands. There are no expiration dates on the net operating loss carryforwards in
Germany and the Netherlands. The net operating loss carryforwards in Italy begin to expire in
fiscal 2007.

46 

Table of Contents   

Expense (in thousands) 

A summary of the differences between the effective income tax rate attributable to operations and
the statutory rate is as follows:

NOTE 10   COMMON STOCK 

We sponsor a long-term incentive stock plan to provide for the granting of stock-based compensation
to officers and other key employees. In addition, we sponsor stock option and stock compensation
plans for non-employee directors. Under the plans, the stock option price per share may not be less
than the fair
market value per share as of the date of grant. For officers and other key employees, outstanding
grants become exercisable over a three-year period, while options for non-employee directors are
immediately exercisable. Proceeds from the sale of stock issued under option arrangements are
credited to common stock.

47 

Table of Contents   

Summaries of amounts issued under the stock option plans are presented in the following tables.

Stock option activity 

Components of outstanding stock options at August 31, 2006 

Components of exercisable stock options at August 31, 2006 

We also sponsor a long-term incentive stock plan. Under this plan, selected participants receive
performance units which convert into a variable number of restricted shares based on (i) a three
year measurement of how favorably the total return on our shares compares to the total shareholder
return of selected peer companies ( Group ) or (ii) absolute measures based on earnings per share
and return on assets. The restricted shares earned range from 50% to 200% of the performance units
awarded. The threshold is earned (i) when our return is at the 50th percentile of total shareholder
return of the Group

48 

Table of Contents   

and 200% is earned when our return is at the 80th percentile or greater or (ii)
based on the earnings and return on assets compared to targets. Restricted shares earned under the
program are issued to the participants at the end of the three-year measurement period and are
subject to forfeit if the participant leaves our employment within the following two years. For the
performance period ended August 31, 2006, $1,207,000 of performance units were earned ($0 earned in
fiscal 2005).

As of August 31, 2006 we had $1,798,000 of compensation expense not yet recognized related to
nonvested stock awards. The weighted-average period that this compensation cost will be recognized
is eighteen months.

Total after tax compensation expense included in net income for all stock based awards was
$1,096,000, $452,000 and $216,000 for fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively.

NOTE 11   NET INCOME PER SHARE 

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share:

NOTE 12   BUSINESS SEGMENTS AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION 

In fiscal 2006, we realigned our reportable business segments. The new structure consists of three
market-focused segments: Fluid Management, Process Solutions and Romaco. The amounts presented for
fiscal 2005 and 2004 reflect this realignment.

Fluid Management . Our Fluid Management business segment designs, manufactures and markets equipment
and systems used in oil and gas exploration and recovery, specialty chemical, wastewater treatment
and a variety of other industrial applications. Primary brands are Moyno   , Tarby    and Hercules   .
Our products and systems include hydraulic drilling power sections; down-hole and industrial pumps
for applications involving the flow of viscous, abrasive and solid-laden slurries and sludge; and a
broad line of ancillary equipment, such as rod guides, rod and tubing rotators, wellhead systems,
pipeline
closure products and valves. These products and systems are used at the wellhead and in subsurface
drilling and production.

Process Solutions . Our Process Solutions business segment designs, manufactures and services
glass-lined reactors and storage vessels, standard and customized fluid-agitation equipment and
systems and customized fluoropolymer-lined fittings, vessels and accessories, primarily for the
pharmaceutical and fine chemical markets. Primary brands are Pfaudler   , Tycon-Technoglass   ,
Chemineer    and Edlon   .

49 

Table of Contents   

Romaco . Romaco designs, manufacturers and markets packaging and secondary processing equipment for
the pharmaceutical, healthcare, nutriceutical and cosmetics industries. Packaging applications
include dosing, filling and sealing of vials, capsules, tubes, bottles and blisters, as well as
customized packaging. Primary brands are Noack   , Siebler    and FrymaKoruma   .

We evaluate performance and allocate resources based on Income before Interest and Taxes ( EBIT ).
Identifiable assets by business segment include all assets directly identified with those
operations. Corporate assets consist mostly of cash and intangible assets. The accounting policies
of the reportable segments are the same as those described in the summary of significant accounting
policies except that we account for U.S. inventory on a FIFO basis at the segment level compared to
a LIFO basis at the consolidated level.

The following tables provide information about our reportable business segments.

50 

Table of Contents   

Information about our operations in different geographical regions is presented below. Our primary
operations are in the U.S. and Europe. Sales are attributed to countries based on the location of
the customer.

51 

Table of Contents   

NOTE 13   QUARTERLY DATA (UNAUDITED) 

52 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Management, including our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our  disclosure
controls and procedures  (Disclosure Controls) as of August 31, 2006. Based upon this evaluation,
our CEO and CFO have concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective as of August 31, 2006.

Disclosure Controls are controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Form 10-K, is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are also designed
to reasonably assure that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
Our quarterly evaluation of Disclosure Controls includes an evaluation of some components of our
internal control over financial reporting, and internal control over financial reporting is also
separately evaluated on an annual basis for purposes of providing the management report which is
set forth below.

Management Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those
policies and procedures that:

Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 

Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 

Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized
acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect
on the financial statements. 

Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of August 31, 2006, the end of
our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal
Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO). Management s assessment included evaluation of such elements as the design and
operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting
policies, and our overall control environment. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded
that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of August 31, 2006. Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst   Young LLP, audited management s assessment
and independently assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial
reporting. Ernst   Young LLP has issued an attestation report concurring with management s
assessment, which is included at Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

53 

Table of Contents   

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal
quarter ended August 31, 2006 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

ITEM 9B .  OTHER INFORMATION 

None.

54 

Table of Contents   

PART III 

ITEM
10 .  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

Information Concerning Directors and Executive Officers 

The information required by this item relating to directors and executive officers of the Company,
the Company s Audit Committee and Section 16(a) Compliance is incorporated herein by reference to
that part of the information under  Election of Directors,   Security Ownership  and  Section 16
Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance  in the Company s Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
of Shareholders scheduled to be held on January 10, 2007. Certain information concerning executive
officers of the Company appears under  Executive Officers of the
Registrant  at Part I of this
Report.

Code of Ethics 

The Company has a Code of Business Conduct (the  Code ) that applies to all employees, executive
officers and directors of the Company. A copy of the Code is posted on the Company s website. The
Code also serves as a code of ethics for the Company s chief executive officer, principal financial
officer, principal accounting officer, controller, or any person performing similar functions (the
 Senior Officers ). Any waiver of any provision of the Code granted to a Senior Officer may only be
granted by the full Board of Directors or its Audit Committee. If a waiver is granted, information
concerning the waiver will be posted on the Company s website
 www.robn.com  for a period of 12
months.

Audit Committee Financial Expert 

The Company s Board of Directors has determined that at least one person serving on its audit
committee is an  audit committee financial expert  as defined under Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K.
Mr. Dale L. Medford, a member of the audit committee, is an audit committee financial expert and is
independent as that term is used in the Item 7(d) (3) (iv) of the Schedule 14A under the Exchange
Act.

ITEM 11 .  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement
for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 10, 2007.

55 

Table of Contents   

ITEM 12 . 
       
      SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS  

The following table shows certain information as of August 31, 2006 with respect to compensation
plans under which common shares of the Company are authorized for issuance:

Equity Compensation Plan Information 

(c) 

Number of Common 

(a) 

Shares remaining 

Number of Common 
       
     (b) 
       
     available for future 

Shares to be issued 
       
     Weighted-average 
       
     issuance under equity 

upon exercise of 
       
     exercise price of 
       
     compensation plans 

outstanding options, 
       
     outstanding options, 
       
     (excluding securities 

warrants and rights 
       
     warrants and rights 
       
     reflected in column (a)) 

Equity compensation
plans approved by
security holders

714,934 

$ 
     24.44 

1,120,000 

Equity compensation
plans not approved
by security holders

0 

0 

0 

Total

714,934 

$ 
     24.44 

1,120,000 

The other information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy
Statement for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 10, 2007.

ITEM 13 .  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement
for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 10, 2007.

ITEM 14.   PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement
for our Annual Meeting of Shareholders on January 10, 2007.

56 

Table of Contents   

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following consolidated financial statements of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and its subsidiaries are at Item 8 hereof.

Consolidated Balance Sheet   August 31, 2006 and 2005. 

Consolidated Statement of Operations   Years ended August 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004. 

Consolidated Shareholders  Equity Statement   Years ended August 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004. 

Consolidated Cash Flow Statement   Years ended August 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004. 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

(a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE

Schedule II     Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 

All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, or not required, or because the
required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

(a) (3) EXHIBITS. See INDEX to EXHIBITS.

57 

Table of Contents   

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Robbins
  Myers, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized, on this 14th day of November, 2006.

ROBBINS   MYERS, INC. 

BY   

      /s/ Peter C. Wallace

Peter C. Wallace  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and in the capacities and on the
date indicated:

*The undersigned, by signing his name hereto, executes this Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
August 31, 2006 pursuant to powers of attorney executed by the above-named persons and filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

/s/ Peter C. Wallace

Peter C. Wallace  

Their Attorney-in-fact  

58 

Table of Contents   

SCHEDULE II   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

Note (1) Represents accounts receivable
written off against the reserve, and impact from dispositions of
$200,000 in fiscal 2006. 

Note (2) Inventory items scrapped and
written off against the reserve, and impact from dispositions of $2,800,000 in fiscal 2006. 

Note (3) Warranty cost incurred applied against the reserve, and impact from dispositions of $970,000 in fiscal 2006. 

Note (4) Spending against casualty reserve. 

Note (5) Spending against restructure reserve. 

59 

Table of Contents   

INDEX TO EXHIBITS

(3) 
       
     ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION AND BY-LAWS: 

3.1 

Amended Articles of Incorporation of Robbins   Myers, Inc.
were filed as Exhibit 3.1 to our Report on Form 10-Q
for the quarter ended February 28, 1998

* 

3.2 

Code of Regulations of Robbins   Myers, Inc. was filed
as Exhibit 3.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended August 31, 2001

* 

(4) 
       
     INSTRUMENTS DEFINING THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS, INCLUDING INDENTURES: 

4.1 

Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated
October 7, 2003 among Robbins   Myers, Inc., the
Lenders named therein, Bank One, N.A. as Administrative
Agent and Issuing Bank, Harris Trust and Savings Bank,
as Co-Syndication Agent, National City Bank, as
Co-Syndication Agent, Wachovia Bank, N.A., as
Co-Documentation Agent and The Bank of Nova Scotia, as
Co-Documentation Agent and Issuing Bank, was filed as
Exhibit 4.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended August 31, 2003

* 

4.2 

Amendment No.1 dated April 21, 2004 to the Third Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 7, 2003,
by and among Robbins   Myers Inc., Robbins   Myers
Finance B.V., and Bank One, N.A., individually and as
administrative agent, and the other financial institutions
named therein was filed as exhibit 10.1 to our Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended May 31, 2004

* 

4.3 

Amended and Restated Pledge and Security Agreement between
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Bank One, Dayton, N.A.,
dated May 15, 1998, was filed as Exhibit 4.2 to our Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2003

* 

4.4 

Fourth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated
December 23, 2005, among Robbins   Myers, Inc.,
Robbins   Myers Finance Europe B.V., the Lenders
named in the Amended Agreement and JPMorgan
Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent and an
Issuing Bank was filed as an Exhibit to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on December 28, 2005

* 

4.4 

Form of $100 million senior note agreement dated May 1, 1998
was filed as Exhibit 4.1 to our Report on Form 10-Q for
the quarter ended May 31, 1998

* 

60 

Table of Contents   

61 

Table of Contents   

10.12 

Letter Agreement between Robbins   Myers, Inc. and
Christopher M. Hix, dated July 17, 2006 was filed as an
Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
July 17, 2006

*/M 

10.13 

Employment Agreement between Robbins   Myers, Inc. and
Peter C. Wallace, dated June 28, 2006 was filed as an
Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
June 29, 2006

*/M 

10.14 

Form of Executive Officer Change of Control Agreement
approved June 28, 2006 entered into with each of
John R. Beatty, Gary S. Brewer, Kevin J. Brown,
Christopher M Hix, and Saeid Rahimian was filed as
an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
June 29, 2006

*/M 

10.15 

Executive Supplemental Retirement Plan, effective August 31, 2006,
was filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
June 29, 2006

*/M 

10.16 

Asset and Share Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2006,
among Robbins   Myers, Inc., Romaco International B.V.,
and Romaco Pharmatechnik GmbH and Coesia, S.p.A. was
filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
March 3, 2006

* 

10.17 

Form of Option Award Agreement under Robbins   Myers, Inc.
2004 Stock Incentive Plan approved by the Compensation
Committee of Board of Directors of Robbins   Myers, Inc. on
October 6, 2005 was filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2005

*/M 

10.18 

Form of Award Agreement for Restricted Share Award under
Robbins   Myers, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive Plan approved
by the Compensation Committee of Board of Directors of
Robbins   Myers, Inc. on October 6, 2005 was filed as an
Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 11, 2005

*/M 

10.19 

Award Agreement for Special Restricted Share Award to
Peter C. Wallace under Robbins   Myers, Inc. 2004
Stock Incentive Plan approved by the Compensation
Committee of Board of Directors of Robbins   Myers, Inc.
on October 6, 2005 was filed as an Exhibit to our Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on October 11, 2005

*/M 

10.20 

Award Agreement for Special Restricted Share Award to Saeid
Rahimian under Robbins   Myers, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive
Plan approved by the Compensation Committee of Board of
Directors of Robbins   Myers, Inc. on October 6, 2005 was
filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on October 11, 2005

*/M 

62 

Table of Contents   

10.21 

Award Agreement for Performance Share Award to Peter C.
Wallace under Robbins   Myers, Inc. 2004 Stock Incentive
Plan approved by the Compensation Committee of Board of
Directors of Robbins   Myers, Inc. on October 6, 2005 was
filed as an Exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on
October 11, 2005

*/M 

(14) 
       
     CODE OF CONDUCT 

14.1 

Robbins   Myers, Inc. Code of Business Conduct

F 

(21) 
       
     SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

21.1 

Subsidiaries of Robbins   Myers, Inc.

F 

(23) 

CONSENTS OF EXPERTS AND COUNSEL 

23.1 

Consent of Ernst   Young LLP 
     F 

(24) 
       
     POWER OF ATTORNEY 

24.1 

Powers of Attorney of any person who signed this Report on
Form 10-K on behalf of another pursuant to a Power
of attorney

F 

(31) 
       
     RULE 13A 14(A) CERTIFICATIONS 

31.1 

Rule 13a-14(a) CEO Certification

F 

31.2 

Rule 13a-14(a) CFO Certification

F 

(32) 
       
     SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATIONS 

32.1

Section 1350 CEO Certification

F 

32.2

Section 1350 CFO Certification

F 

F 

Indicates Exhibit is being filed with this Report. 

* 

Indicates that Exhibit is incorporated by reference in this Report from a
previous filing with the Commission. Unless otherwise indicated, all
incorporated items are
incorporated from SEC File No. 000-288. 

R  
       
      Instrument with respect to indebtedness that does not exceed 10% of the
company s total assets which is not being filed, but will be furnished to the
Commission upon its request. 

M   

Indicates management contract or compensatory arrangement. 

C 

Confidential treatment granted as to certain portions, which have been
filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

63 

<EX-14.1>
 2
 l23212aexv14w1.htm
 EX-14.1 CODE OF CONDUCT

EX-14.1 

Exhibit 14.1 

ROBBINS   MYERS, INC. 

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  

I.    GENERAL POLICY STATEMENT.  

It has been, and continues to be, the policy of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and its subsidiaries to
comply with all laws governing its United States and International operations, to adhere to the
highest standards of business ethics and to maintain a reputation for honest and fair dealings.

This Code of Business Conduct sets forth basic principles and guidelines for directors,
officers and employees which are intended to assist them in conducting the Company s affairs and
business in accordance with law and the highest standards of business ethics. It is impossible,
however, to anticipate all the situations in which legal and business ethical questions might
arise. The best overall guidelines are individual conscience, common sense and a careful, knowing
compliance with law. All employees, and especially supervisors, should be familiar with the
principles and guidelines contained in this Code and should conduct their activities on behalf of
the Company in accordance with this Code.

The Company has designated several persons to assist employees in resolving questions they may
have regarding the interpretation and application of the Code. The Company has also specified a
procedure for employees to report any concerns they may have in regard to the Code on an anonymous
basis. Employees should not hesitate to take advantage of this help and assistance. At Section
XIV of the Code is a list of the persons to contact and the procedure for anonymous inquiries and
reporting.

II.    DEFINITIONS.  

Code  means this Code of Business Conduct.

Committee  means the Corporate Compliance Committee. The Committee shall be comprised of
four persons who shall, from time-to-time, be appointed by, and serve at the pleasure of, the
President of the Company. Unless the President determines otherwise, the members of the Committee
shall be the Vice President, Finance; the Vice President, Human Resources; the Company s legal
counsel; and an executive designated by the President.

The Committee shall have and exercise all of the authority granted to it under the Code, shall
administer, implement and interpret the Code, and shall be authorized to issue to employees written
opinions as to the application and interpretation of the Code. In addition, the Committee shall be
authorized to grant exceptions to the application of Section IV of this Code in particular
instances provided that the employee requesting the exception discloses to the Committee all
material facts as to the subject matter of the exception and his or her relationship to, or
interest in, the subject matter of the exception and, provided further, that the Committee
determines that

the granting of an exception is justified by the facts and is in the best interests
of the Company.
The Committee shall maintain a written record of its proceedings and opinions, shall advise
the President of the Company as to all its actions, and shall annually report to the Nominating and
Governance Committee of the Board of Directors concerning its proceedings, including any
exceptions, during the preceding 12 months.

Company  means Robbins   Myers, Inc. and its United States and International subsidiaries.

Employee  means any director, officer or employee of the Company unless the context indicates
otherwise.

Immediate family  means and includes a person s spouse, parents, grandparents, children,
grandchildren, siblings, mother and father-in-law, sons and daughters-in-law, and brothers and
sisters-in-law.

III.    ACCURATE BOOKS AND RECORDS.  

All Company payments and other transactions must be properly authorized by management and be
accurately and completely recorded on the Company s books and records in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and established Company accounting policies. Employees may not make
any false, incomplete or misleading entries. No undisclosed or unrecorded Company funds shall be
established for any purpose, nor should Company funds be placed in any personal or noncorporate
account. All Company assets must be properly protected and asset records should regularly be
compared with actual assets, with proper action taken to reconcile any variances.

IV.    CONFLICTS OF INTEREST.  

It is very important for all of us to avoid any actual or even any apparent conflict of
interest. Any time any such conflict appears, or an employee believes any such conflict might
develop, the employee should discuss the matter with his or her immediate supervisor or seek advice
as set forth at Section XIV.

Some clear conflict of interest situations which should always be avoided include the
following:

(1) any ownership interest (other than a nominal amount of stock in publicly
traded companies) in any supplier, customer or competitor;

(2) any consulting or employment relationship with any customer, supplier or
competitor;

(3) any outside business activity which is competitive with any of the
Company s businesses;

-2- 

(4) any outside activity of any type which is so substantial as to call into
question your ability to devote appropriate time and attention to your job
responsibilities with the Company;

(5) the service on any board of directors of any customer, supplier or
competitor unless such board service has been disclosed to the Company and approved
by the Committee;

(6) being in the position of supervising, reviewing or having any influence on
the job evaluation, pay or benefits of any member of your immediate family;

(7) taking advantage of an opportunity which you learned of in the course of
your employment with the company, such as acquiring property or leases the Company
may be interested in;

(8) selling anything to the Company or buying anything from the Company (except
pursuant to any normal program of disposal of surplus corporate property which is
offered to employees generally); and

(9) obtaining any loan from a customer or supplier of the Company other than a
bank; and if you are an officer of the Company, from any bank with which the Company
does business unless a loan upon similar terms is generally available to customers
of the bank and is disclosed to the Vice President-Finance of the Company.

Anything which presents a conflict for the employee would probably also present a conflict if
it involved a member of the employee s immediate family. For example, ownership of stock in
competitors or suppliers, or receipt of gifts or entertainment by members of the employee s
immediate family would create the same conflict of interest as if the stock were owned or the gifts
received by the employee. In marginal situations, employees should discuss the situation with
their supervisors to prevent possible misunderstandings and embarrassment at a later date.

V.    ENTERTAINMENT, GIFTS AND PAYMENTS.  

The Company will treat fairly and impartially all persons and firms with whom it has business
relationships. The acceptance of gifts, entertainment, favors, personal discounts, and similar
gratuities might influence or raise doubts as to the impartiality of the recipient, damage the
reputation of the Company for fair dealing, and violate federal statutes where government contracts
are involved. Misunderstandings usually can be avoided by conduct which makes clear that the
Company and its representatives transact business on an ethical basis and will not seek or grant
special consideration.

A.  Relations with Non-Governmental Customers .

-3- 

Certain business courtesies, such as payment for a lunch or dinner in connection with a
business meeting, normally would not be a gift within the context of this Code. Employees should
endeavor to keep such courtesies on a reciprocal basis, to the extent practicable, in order to
demonstrate that no gift is sought or granted.

Advertising novelties would not be inappropriate to give or receive provided the item is of no
appreciable value and is widely distributed to others under essentially the same business
relationship with the donor.

Our relationships with commercial customers may occasionally present circumstances where gifts
or favors are exchanged as an accepted business practice without inference of unethical conduct.
In certain countries local custom may dictate the exchange of gifts as a matter of courtesy.

Attendance at golf outings or athletic, cultural, or community events as the guest of a
customer or supplier or such entertaining of customers or suppliers by Company personnel if done as
business courtesies and not in an extravagant or lavish manner is not prohibited. The acceptance
of hunting, fishing, or week-end trips is prohibited.

B.  Relations with Governmental Employees .

Each agency of the federal government and many state agencies have regulations prohibiting
agency personnel from accepting entertainment, gifts, gratuities, payments or other business
courtesies that may be acceptable in the commercial sector. The letter and intent of such
regulations must be complied with by all Company employees.

C.  Relations with Representatives of Foreign Governments .

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act . The Company will scrupulously adhere to the letter and
spirit of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits giving money or items of value to a
foreign official, directly or through any third party, in order to (1) influence any act or
decision of the foreign official in his or her official capacity, (2) influence the official to do
or omit to do something in violation of his or her lawful duty, or (3) obtain, retain, or direct
business. The Act further prohibits giving money or items of value to any person or firm when
there is reason to believe that it will be passed on to a government official for these purposes.
Facilitating payments, as described in the following paragraph, are not prohibited by the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act. All matters pertaining to this statute must be coordinated with the
Company s legal counsel.

Facilitating Payments . In some cases, where it becomes necessary to expedite or
secure the performance of routine governmental action, employees may make small payments outside
the United States to government employees. However, such payments may be made only (i) in nominal
amounts (with no individual payment in excess of $250), (ii) upon the initiation of such government
employees and (iii) where such government employees will not otherwise perform such routine action.
The term  routine governmental action  includes actions ordinarily performed, among other things,
in processing governmental papers (e.g. visas and shipping documents), providing mail or phone
services, loading or unloading cargo, scheduling

-4- 

inspections, or obtaining permits, licenses or
other official documents to qualify a subsidiary or affiliate to do business. The term does not
include any action by a foreign government employee that involves a decision to award or continue
business with the Company.

VI.    POLITICAL ACTIVITY.  

The Company encourages all employees to vote and be active in the political process. However,
federal laws prohibit any use of Company funds in connection with federal elections, and there are
similar laws in many states. Accordingly, it is against Company policy, and may also be illegal,
for any employee to:

(1) Include, directly or indirectly, any political contribution that the
employee may desire to make on the employee s expense account or in any other way
which causes the Company to reimburse the employee for that expense. In general,
the cost of fund-raising tickets for political functions are considered political
contributions. Therefore, including the cost of any such fund-raising dinner on an
expense account, even if business is, in fact, discussed, is against Company policy
and possibly illegal.

(2) No employee may use any Company property or facilities, or the time of any
of the Company s employees for any political activity. Examples of prohibited
conduct would be using Company secretarial time to send invitations for political
fund-raising events, using the Company telephone to make politically motivated
solicitations, allowing any candidate to use any Company facilities, such as meeting
rooms, for political purposes or to loan any Company property to anyone for use in
connection with a political campaign.

The political process has become highly regulated, and any employee who has any question about
what is or is not proper should consult with his or her immediate supervisor or a member of the
Committee before agreeing to do anything that could be construed as involving the Company in any
political activity at either the federal, state or local levels, or in any foreign country.

Company employees may volunteer their services for political purposes, but such services must
be rendered on their own time. It is against Company policy and possibly illegal for the Company s
employees to use normal working time for any political purpose.

VII.    SECURITIES LAWS AND INSIDER TRADING.  

It is both illegal and against Company policy for any individual (i) to profit from
undisclosed material information relating to the Company or any company we do business with or (ii)
to selectively disclose any confidential, material information relating to the Company. Anyone who
is in possession of any material inside information that the Company has not yet disclosed to the
public may not purchase or sell any of the Company s securities or selectively disclose that
information unless such disclosure is made pursuant to a confidentiality agreement or is made to
persons who have an obligation of confidentiality towards the Company (such as, our attorneys and
accountants). It is also against Company policy for any individual in our

-5- 

Company who may have
inside or unpublished, material information about any of our suppliers, customers, or any company
we do business with to purchase or sell the securities of those companies. Further, it is against
Company policy and illegal for employees to provide such information to others for the purpose of
trading in securities.

If you are uncertain about the legal rules involving your purchase or sale of any Company
securities or any securities in companies that you are familiar with by virtue of your work for the
Company, you should consult with a member of the Business Practice Committee or the Company s legal
counsel before making any such purchase or sale.

The Company, and all supervisory employees within the Company, also have an obligation to be
alert to situations where others within the Company   particularly those over whom they have some
supervisory authority   may not be observing the rules against insider trading. The securities
laws provide for penalties not only for those who engage in insider trading, but also for those
 controlling persons  who fail to take appropriate actions when they either knew or should have
known that people within their control were violating those rules.

VIII.    ANTITRUST LAWS.  

In general, the antitrust laws of the United States prohibit agreements or actions  in
restraint of trade    restrictive practices that may reduce competition without providing
beneficial effects to consumers. Among those agreements and activities found to be clear
violations are agreements or understandings among competitors to fix or control prices; to boycott
specified suppliers or customers; to allocate products, territories, or markets; or to limit the
production or sale of products or product lines. Such agreements are against public policy and
against the policy of the Company. Employees should never engage in discussions of such matters
with representatives of other companies. Employees should report to the Company s legal counsel
any instance in which such discussions are initiated by other companies.

U.S. antitrust laws also apply to international operations and transactions related to imports
to, or exports from, the United States. Moreover, the international activities of the Company
could be subject to antitrust laws of foreign nations or organizations such as the European
Economic Community.

Because of the complexity of antitrust laws, it is imperative that legal advice be sought on
any questions regarding this subject.

IX.    ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS.  

The Company will conduct its operations with the highest regard for the quality of the
environment, which shall include, but not be limited to, water, air and general land usage. At
every operating location where emissions into water sources or the atmosphere or solid waste
disposal are present, the objective is to comply with standards established by appropriate local,
state, or federal agencies and which are consistent with available technology. It is the
responsibility of the Company and its employees to provide truthful and accurate information to the
government permitting authorities in connection with any application for any environmental permit
or any periodic reports that may be called for under such permit.

-6- 

X.    EXPORT LAWS.  

Company employees shall comply with United States laws regulating the  export  of products and
technology ( U.S. Export Laws ). For purposes of the U.S. Export Laws, there is an  export  in
each of the following situations: (i) goods are shipped, or technology is made
available, from the United States to a foreign country; (ii) goods are shipped, or technology
is made available, from a non-U. S. country to another country if the goods or technology
originated in the United States; or (iii) goods are shipped, or technology is made available, to
a person in one non-U.S. country with a Company employee or agent having knowledge, or intending,
that the goods or technology will later be transferred to another country. In addition, an
 export  occurs when technology is made available to a foreign national, including foreign national
employees in, or outside, the United States. Technology is  made available  through a variety of
means, including visual inspection of technical specifications, plans, or blueprints, oral
discussions of technology, or practice or application of the technology under the guidance of
persons with knowledge of the technology. Company employees should be aware that plant visits by
foreign nationals may result in an  export  of technology.

As a result of the necessity of the Company complying with U.S. Export Laws, you should
observe the following guidelines:

(1)  Embargoed Countries: Shipments Prohibited Except for Specified Products
in Accordance with Written Audit Procedures . Shipments to or export by any
Business Unit (whether U.S. based or not) of goods, technology or services to Iran,
Syria, Sudan or any other country identified as an Embargoed County are prohibited
except for sales of products, components or services for application in the energy
recovery or healthcare markets that are permitted under applicable U.S. and foreign
laws and made in accordance with written audit procedures approved by the Company s
General Counsel.

(2)  Exports Licenses Required for Export of Certain Products . The
export to certain countries of certain products (such as, vessels, tanks, agitators
and associated parts made or lined with glass, high nickel alloys, fluoropolymers,
tantalum, titanium and zirconium) ( Restricted Products ) is restricted and cannot
be made without an export license. For shipments originating from the United States
an export license is required for Restricted Products, unless the shipment is to any
of the following countries:

Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Cyprus,
Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece,
Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland,
Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Sweden,
Switzerland, Turkey, the United Kingdom, and the Ukraine.

-7- 

For shipments originating from non United States locations the export of Restricted
Products to countries  not listed above will likely require an export license
from the country of origin . You must either obtain a license or indicate in our
order documentation how it was determined that a license is not required.

The Company is committed to full compliance with U.S. antiboycott laws, which prohibit the
Company and its employees from agreeing to contractual provisions or engaging in conduct
that supports the boycott efforts of foreign governments. These efforts include the Arab
League s boycott of Israel. Any Company employee receiving a request to undertake any activities
or agree to any contractual provisions that support boycott efforts should immediately report that
request to the Company s legal counsel.

XI.    TRADE SECRETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  

All employees should appropriately safeguard the Company s trade secrets and confidential
information and refuse any improper access to trade secret and confidential information of any
other company, including our competitors.

In terms of our own trade secret and confidential information, our basic guidelines are:

(1) Any Company proprietary information to which you may have access should be
discussed with others within the Company only on a need-to-know basis.

(2) If we wish to disclose our own trade secrets or confidential information to
any people outside of our Company, it should be done only in conjunction with
appropriate trade secret or confidential information disclosure agreements which can
be provided by the Company s legal counsel.

(3) We should always be alert to inadvertent disclosures which may arise in
either social conversations or in normal business relations with our suppliers and
customers.

In terms of confidential and proprietary information of other companies, our guidelines should
be:

(1) We should not receive any such information except pursuant to written
confidentiality agreements which can be supplied by our legal counsel. Since we may
incur some liability, or at least embarrassment, if we improperly disclose
information which has been provided to us in confidence, we should receive such
information only when there is a clear commercial reason for doing so and then only
under the terms and conditions of a properly drawn agreement which protects both
parties  interests.

(2) While we should always be alert to our competitive surroundings and obtain
as much information as possible about the marketplaces in which we operate, we must
do that only in accordance with sound and ethical commercial

-8- 

practices. We must
never be a party to any situation in which such proprietary or confidential
information has been improperly obtained from any other company such as by a former
employee. If any employee is approached with any offer of confidential information
which the employee has reason to believe may have been obtained improperly, the
employee must immediately discuss this matter with his or her immediate supervisor
or the Company s legal counsel.

Confidential or proprietary information of our Company, and of other companies, includes any
information which is not generally disclosed and which is useful or helpful to the company and/or
which would be useful or helpful to competitors of the company. Common examples include such
things as financial data, scientific and engineering studies, data, and drawings, planned new
products, lists of suppliers, lists of customers, wage and salary data, projected earnings, changes
in management or policies of the company, testing data, manufacturing methods, suppliers  prices to
us, or any plans we may have for improving any of our products.

XII.    GOVERNMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS AND LITIGATION.  

It is Company policy to cooperate with every reasonable and valid request by federal, state
and local government investigators. At the same time, the Company is entitled to all the
safeguards provided in the law for persons under investigation, including representation by
counsel. Accordingly, if a government investigator requests an interview with any Company
personnel, seeks information or access to files, or poses written questions, he should be told that
the Company will cooperate, but that you must first discuss the matter with the Company s legal
counsel. You should immediately telephone the Company s legal counsel, who will then provide
advice as to further action. The Company s legal counsel must also be consulted before the Company
threatens to sue or institutes any litigation of any kind, and before the Company complains to a
government agency about the actions of anyone else. In the event any litigation is begun or
threatened against the Company, notify the Company s legal counsel immediately, even if the action
or the threats appear to be without merit or insignificant.

XIII.    IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CODE.  

(1) All officers and managers of the Company shall be responsible for the
enforcement of the Code within their specific areas of supervisory responsibility.
They shall periodically distribute and review the Code with appropriate employees
under their supervision.

(2) Appropriate employees of the Company will be required annually to certify
their compliance with the requirements of the Code.

(3) Violations of the Code will result in disciplinary action, including
reassignment, demotion or dismissal and may, depending on the nature of the
violation involved, result in civil or criminal action against the employee.

(4) The Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of the
Company shall annually review with management the

-9- 

implementation of this Code and
shall assure that the Board of Directors receives an objective and adequate flow of
information as to the matters that lie within the scope of the Code.

XIV.    FURTHER INFORMATION AND ASSISTANCE.  

The Company has designated a number of personnel to assist employees in resolving any
questions concerning the interpretation and application of the Code. Please do not hesitate to
avail yourself of this help. The following is the list of persons in the order you might
consider contacting them:

(1)  Manager/Supervisor . An employee should first contact his or her
immediate manager/supervisor. If for some reason that is not appropriate, the
employee may contact any member of the Corporate Compliance Committee or the
Company s legal counsel.

(2)  Anonymous Reporting or Inquiry . If an employee (other than a
European-based employee) would feel more comfortable submitting his or her inquiry
or reporting a concern on an anonymous basis, the employee may do so at the
Company s website www.robbinsmyers.com by selecting the  Corporate Governance  tab
and then clicking on the heading  Employee Hotline,  which is the fifth heading from
the bottom in the left hand column. Employees based in Europe may (i) seek advice
anonymously and (ii) report financial concerns anonymously (that is, matters
relating to financial matters or internal control over financial reporting), but
should not report any other matters on an anonymous basis since such anonymous
reporting raises questions under European laws.

(3)  Directors of the Company . Directors of the Company should address
any questions they may have concerning the Code to the Company s legal counsel.

(4)  Contact Names, Addresses and Numbers .

A. Members of the Corporate Compliance Committee include: John
R. Beatty, Gary L. Brewer, Kevin J. Brown (Program Facilitator),
Christopher M. Hix, Mark Manovich, Saeid Rahimian, and Joseph M.
Rigot (Chair). Communications to members of the Corporate
Compliance Committee may be directed to Robbins   Myers, Inc., 1400
Kettering Tower, Dayton, Ohio 45423; by telephone to 937-222-2610;
or by facsimile to 937-225-3355.

B. Communications to the Company s General Counsel may be
directed to Joseph M. Rigot, Esq., Thompson Hine LLP, 2000
Courthouse Plaza, Dayton, Ohio 45402; by telephone to 937-443-6586;
by facsimile to 937-443-6635; or by email to
joe.rigot@thompsonhine.com.

-10- 

XV.    FULL, FAIR, TIMELY AND UNDERSTANDABLE FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE   

(Section XV applies only to the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer,
Treasurer and Controller of the Company (the  Senior Officers ).  

The Senior Officers shall be responsible for full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable
disclosure of information in reports and documents that the Company files with, or submits to, the
SEC and in other public communications.

As one of the Senior Officers, you agree to:

(1) Produce full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports
and documents that the Company or its subsidiaries files with, or submits to, the
Securities and Exchange Commission and other regulators and in other public
communications made by the Company or its subsidiaries; and

(2) Promptly report to the Chairman of the Nominating and Governance Committee any
information that you may have concerning (i) significant deficiencies in the design
or operation of internal controls that could adversely affect the Company s ability
to process, summarize and report financial data or (ii) any fraud, whether or not
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the Company s financial reporting, disclosure or internal controls.

As a Senior Officer you are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to
fraudulently influence, coerce, manipulate or mislead the Company s independent auditors for the
purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company misleading.

The Board of Directors of the Company has delegated to its Audit Committee the sole authority
to approve any deviation or waiver from this Code granted to a Senior Officer. Waivers of this
Code, as required by applicable law, will be promptly disclosed by the Company.

-11- 

FORM OF COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATION 

ROBBINS   MYERS, INC. 

CERTIFICATION OF COMPLIANCE   
  WITH CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  

I hereby certify to the Corporate Compliance Committee of Robbins   Myers, Inc. that:

1. I have read the Code of Business Conduct of Robbins   Myers, Inc. at least once during the
past 12 months and understand my responsibility to comply with the principles and policies
contained in the Code. I recognize that my failure to comply with such principles and policies
will be cause for severe disciplinary action or termination of my employment.

2. Except as stated at paragraph 3, immediately below:

(a) I and, to the best of my knowledge, members of my immediate family, do not
have any interest which might be deemed to be a conflict of interest under Section
IV of the Code;

(b) To my knowledge, I have not violated any federal, state, local or foreign
law in connection with the Company s business; and

(c) I am not aware of any Company activities which violate the Code of Business
Conduct.

3. Exceptions to the above should be noted below:

I hereby certify that the above statements are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, true
and accurate.

(Signature of Employee) 

Date                       , 2006 

(Please print your full name above) 

(List your Location/Division) 

(This Certificate of Compliance should be signed by the employee and returned to Joseph M. Rigot,
Corporate Secretary and Legal Counsel, Thompson Hine LLP, P.O. Box 8801, Dayton, Ohio 45401.) 

Employees who need assistance or consultation prior to completing this Certificate of Compliance
should contact the persons listed at Section XIV of the Code or Joseph M. Rigot at Thompson Hine
LLP   (937) 443-6586 (or joe.rigot@thompsonhine.com). 

-2- 

</EX-14.1>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 l23212aexv21w1.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF ROBBINS & MYERS, INC.

EX-21.1 

Exhibit 21.1

Subsidiaries of Robbins   Myers, Inc.

Robbins   Myers, Inc. has the following subsidiaries all of which (i) do business under the name
under which they are organized and (ii) are included in our consolidated financial statements. The
names of such subsidiaries are set forth below.

Jurisdiction 

in which 
       
     Percentage of 

Incorporated 
       
     Ownership 

Bosspak Pty Limited

Australia 

100 

Chemineer, Asia, Ptd. Ltd.

Singapore 

100 

Chemineer, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Dalian Moyno Pump Co., Ltd.

China 

60 

Dioptec Scan Limited

United Kingdom 

100 

Edlon, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

FrymaKoruma GmbH

Germany 

100 

FrymaKoruma AG

Switzerland 

100 

Fryma S.a.r.l.

France 

100 

Glasteel Parts and Services, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

GMM Pfaudler Limited

India 

51 

Ingeniere Pharmaceutique Modulaire S.A.

France 

100 

Moyno de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

51 

Moyno, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Pfaudler Equipamentos Industriais Ltda.

Brazil 

100 

Pfaudler S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

100 

Pfaudler Speiss A.G.

Switzerland 

100 

Pfaudler France Sarl

France 

100 

Pfaudler, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Pfaudler-Werke GmbH

Germany 

100 

Prochem, Inc.

Canada 

100 

R M Energy Systems de Venezuela, C.A.

Venezuela 

100 

Robannic Overseas Finance A.V.V.

Netherlands Antilles 

100 

Robbins   Myers Belgium S.A.

Belgium 

100 

Robbins   Myers Canada, Ltd.

Canada 

100 

Robbins   Myers de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

100 

Robbins   Myers (Suzhou) Process Equipment Co., Ltd.

China 

100 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems Australia Pty. Ltd

Australia 

100 

64 

Jurisdiction 

in which 
       
     Percentage of 

Incorporated 
        
     Ownership 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems de Argentina S.A.

Argentina 

100 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems Indonesia Ltd

Indonesia 

100 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems LLP

Kazakhstan 

100 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems L.P.

Texas 

100 

Robbins   Myers Energy Systems, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Robbins   Myers Finance Europe B.V.

Netherlands 

100 

Robbins   Myers Holdings, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Robbins   Myers Holdings SA de CV

Mexico 

100 

Robbins   Myers Italia S.r.l.

Italy 

100 

Robbins   Myers International B.V.

Netherlands 

100 

Robbins   Myers International Sales Co., Inc.

U.S. Virgin Islands 

100 

Robbins   Myers Singapore Private Limited

Singapore 

100 

Robbins   Myers U.K. Limited

England 

100 

Rodic S.A. de C.V.

Mexico 

100 

Romaco A.G.

Switzerland 

100 

Romaco Australia Pty Ltd.

Australia 

100 

Romaco Bosspak

Australia 

100 

Romaco do Brazil

Brazil 

100 

Romaco Holdings U.K. Limited

United Kingdom 

100 

Romaco Immobilienverwaltungs GmbH

Germany 

100 

Romaco Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Romaco International B.V.

Netherlands 

100 

Romaco Limited

Hong Kong 

100 

Romaco Machinery Limited

Ireland 

100 

Romaco Machinery, S.A.

Spain 

100 

Robbins   Myers N.V.

Netherland Antilles 

100 

Romaco Pharmatechnik GmbH

Germany 

100 

Romaco S.A.

Colombia 

100 

Romaco S.a.r.l.

France 

100 

Romaco S.r.l.

Italy 

100 

Romaco UK Limited

United Kingdom 

100 

Suzhou Pfaudler Glass-Lined Equipment Co., Limited

China 

76 

Tarby, Inc.

Delaware 

100 

Tycon Technoglass S.r.l.

Italy 

100 

Universal Glasteel Equipment

Delaware 

50 

65 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 l23212aexv23w1.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCT. FIRM

EX-23.1 

Exhibit 23.1

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 s) pertaining
to Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (No. 33-43625, dated November 1, 1991), 1994
Directors  Stock Compensation Plan (No. 33-84032, dated September 13, 1994), Robbins   Myers, Inc.
Employee Savings Plan (No. 33-61893, dated August 17, 1995), Robbins   Myers, Inc. 1994 Long-term
Incentive Plan (No. 333-00291, dated January 19, 1996), Robbins   Myers, Inc. 1995 Stock Option
Plan for Non-employee Directors (No. 333-00293, dated January 19, 1996), Robbins   Myers, Inc.
Savings Plan for Union Employees (No. 333-00289, dated February 7, 1996), Robbins   Myers, Inc.
1999 Long-term Incentive Plan (No. 333-35856, dated April 28, 2000), the Robbins   Myers, Inc. 2004
Stock Incentive Plan as Amended (No. 333-121899), the Registration Statement (Form S-3, No.
333-31235, dated July 14, 1997) pertaining to Investor Stock Purchase Plan and Post Effective
Amendment No. 1 (dated August 20, 2003), and the Registration Statement (Form S-3, No. 333-106780,
dated August 20, 2003) pertaining to an offering of securities to be designated by the Company, of
our reports dated November 10, 2006, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of
Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries, Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries management s
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and the effectiveness
of internal control over financial reporting of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries, included
herein, and our report on the financial statement schedule of Robbins   Myers, Inc. included in
this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries for the year ended August
31, 2006.

Our audits included the financial statement schedule of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and Subsidiaries
listed in Item 15(a). This schedule is the responsibility of Robbins   Myers, Inc. and
Subsidiaries  management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits. In our
opinion, the financial statement schedule referred to above, when considered in relation to the
basic financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly in all material respects the
information set forth therein.

/s/ Ernst   Young LLP 
Dayton, Ohio 
November 14, 2006

66 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 5
 l23212aexv24w1.htm
 EX-24.1 ROBBINS & MYERS, INC. LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY

EX-24.1 

Exhibit 24.1

ROBBINS   MYERS, INC. 

LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY 

WHEREAS, Robbins   Myers, Inc. (the  Company ) intends to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2006:

NOW, THEREFORE, each of the undersigned in his capacity as a director of the Company hereby
appoints Peter C. Wallace his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution, to execute in his name, place and stead, the Company s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended August 31, 2006, (including any amendment to such report)
and any and all other instruments necessary or incidental in connection therewith, and to file the
same with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Said attorney shall have full power and authority
to do and perform in the name and on behalf of the undersigned, in the aforesaid capacity, every
act whatsoever necessary or desirable to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as the
undersigned might or could do in person. The undersigned hereby ratifies and approves the act of
said attorney.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this instrument this 14th day of November,
2006.

/s/ Thomas P. Loftis

Thomas P. Loftis  

/s/Daniel W. Duval

Daniel W. Duval  

/s/ David T. Gibbons

David T. Gibbons  

/s/ Stephen F. Kirk

Stephen F. Kirk  

/s/ William D. Manning

William D. Manning  

/s/ Dale L. Medford

Dale L. Medford  

/s/ Jerome F. Tatar

Jerome F. Tatar  

67 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 l23212aexv31w1.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a   14(a) 

I, Peter C. Wallace, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Robbins   Myers, Inc. (the
 Registrant  

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of
the circumstance under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
       
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and
maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most recent
fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual
report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

69 

b. 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over
financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2006

/s/ Peter C. Wallace

Peter C. Wallace  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

70 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 l23212aexv31w2.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION 
PURSUANT TO RULE 13a   14(a) 

I, Christopher M. Hix, certify that:

1. 
       
     I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Robbins   Myers, Inc. (the
 Registrant  

2. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in
light of the circumstance under which such statements were made, not misleading with
respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
       
     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information
included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods
presented in this report; 

4. 
       
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the Registrant and have: 

a. 
       
     Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
       
     Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
       
     Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls
and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the
period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
       
     Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant s internal
controls over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s most
recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an
annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 

5. 
       
     The Registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
recent evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, to the Registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
       
     All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information; and 

71 

b. 
       
     Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who
have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2006

/s/ Christopher M. Hix

Christopher M. Hix  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

72 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 l23212aexv32w1.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Peter C. Wallace, President and Chief Executive Officer of Robbins   Myers, Inc. ( the
Company ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
       
     The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended August 31, 2006 (the
 Annual Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78c(d)) and 

2. 
       
     The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2006

/s/ Peter C. Wallace

Peter C. Wallace  

President and Chief Executive Officer  

73 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 l23212aexv32w2.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Christopher M. Hix, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Robbins   Myers, Inc. ( the
Company ), do hereby certify in accordance with 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1. 
       
     The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended August 31, 2006 (the
 Annual Report ) fully complies with the requirements of section 33(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78c(d)) and 

2. 
       
     The information contained in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 14, 2006

/s/ Christopher M. Hix

Christopher M. Hix  

Vice President and Chief Financial Officer  

74 

</EX-32.2>

