<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20061213_10-K_edgar_data_8411_0000008411-06-000156_1.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>300140</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>253886</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>831</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Tables>15</N_Tables>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000008411-06-000156.hdr.sgml : 20061213
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20061213165245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000008411-06-000156
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20060930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20061213
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20061213

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ATWOOD OCEANICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000008411
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DRILLING OIL & GAS WELLS [1381]
		IRS NUMBER:				741611874
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13167
		FILM NUMBER:		061274673

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15835 PARK TEN PL DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2817497845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		15835 PARK TEN PL DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77084

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 EXfqC8KmeR0SdOIq31XTNpMhhcQu1HlOVcYrbiJc9Mvp0IOrSKiMnk8+/Q7SCG8j
 Nej4V5vnW/IpJXdBUZa7Sg==

 0000008411-06-000156.txt : 20061213

10-K
 1
 form10k.txt
 
================================================================================
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                            WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549

                                    Form 10-K

                    ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15 (d)
                     OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                  FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2006

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-13167

                              ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

           TEXAS                                          74-1611874
(State or other jurisdiction of            (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
incorporation or organization)

  15835 Park Ten Place Drive                                77084
        Houston, Texas                                  (Zip Code)
(Address of principal executive offices)

               Registrant's telephone number, including area code:
                                  281-749-7800

Securities registered pursuant to
Section 12(b) of the Act:
Common Stock, $1 par value                        New York Stock Exchange
Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                   New York Stock Exchange
(Title of each Class)                            (Name of each exchange on
                                                  which registered)

                        Securities registered pursuant to
                            Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                      NONE

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.  Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate  by check mark if the  registrant  is not  required  to file  reports
pursuant  to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.  Yes [  ] No [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filings
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation in S-K (ss.229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K [ ].

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer" and "large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check
One):

Large accelerated filer[X]  Accelerated filer[ ]     Non-accelerated filer[ ]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by
non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which our Common Stock, $1
par value was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such Common
Stock, as of March 31, 2006 was $1,566,000,000.

The number of shares outstanding of our Common Stock, $1 par value, as of
December 12, 2006: 31,068,013.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

(1) Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2006 -
Referenced in Parts I, II and IV of this report.

(2) Proxy Statement for Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8,
2007 - Referenced in Part III of this report.
===============================================================================

PART I

ITEM  1. BUSINESS

         Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (which together with its subsidiaries is
identified as the "Company," "we" or "our," unless the context requires
otherwise) is engaged in the international offshore drilling and completion of
exploratory and developmental oil and gas wells and related support, management
and consulting services.  We are headquartered in Houston, Texas, USA.  Atwood
Oceanics, Inc. was organized in 1968 as a corporation and commenced operations
in 1970.

         During our thirty-nine year history, the majority of our drilling units
have operated outside of United States waters, and we have conducted drilling
operations in most of the major offshore exploration areas of the world. Our
current worldwide operations include eight premium offshore mobile drilling
units located in five regions of the world - offshore Southeast Asia, offshore
Africa, offshore Australia, the Black Sea and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. We also
manage two modern, self-contained platform rigs. Approximately 93%, 93%, and 94%
of our contract revenues were derived from foreign operations in fiscal years
2006, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The submersible RICHMOND is our only drilling
unit currently working in United States waters. We support our operations from
our Houston headquarters and offices currently located in Australia, Malaysia,
Egypt, Malta, Indonesia, West Africa, Singapore and the United Kingdom. For
information relating to the contract revenues, operating income and identifiable
assets attributable to specific geographic areas of operations, see Note 13 of
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report to
Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, incorporated by reference herein.

         The following table presents our wholly-owned and operating rig fleet
as of December 12, 2006:

                                                                  Water Depth
    Rig Name                  Rig Type             Upgraded       Rating (feet)
    ---------                 --------             --------       ------------

    ATWOOD EAGLE              Semisubmersible      2000/2002          5,000
    ATWOOD HUNTER             Semisubmersible      1997/2001          5,000
    ATWOOD FALCON             Semisubmersible      1998/2006          5,000
    ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS     Semisubmersible      1997/2006          2,000
    SEAHAWK                   Semisubmersible      1992/1999/2006       600
                              Tender Assist
    ATWOOD BEACON             Jack-up              2003(1)              400
    VICKSBURG                 Jack-up              1998                 300
    RICHMOND                  Submersible          2000/2002             70

(1) The ATWOOD BEACON was constructed in 2003.

         When necessary, we update and upgrade our fleet in order to maintain
premium, modern equipment. In fiscal year 1997, we commenced an internal upgrade
program of all of our active drilling units. Collectively, since fiscal year
1997, we have invested approximately $400 million in upgrading seven
offshore mobile drilling units in connection with our upgrade program. In
August 2003, our eighth drilling unit, the ATWOOD BEACON, an ultra-premium,
jack-up rig, commenced its initial drilling contract following completion of its
construction and commissioning in early August 2003. This drilling unit was
constructed on time and on budget at a cost of approximately $120 million. We
have a ninth drilling unit, the ATWOOD AURORA, another ultra-premium, jack-up,
under construction at Brownsville, Texas, with scheduled delivery on or before
September 2008. The total construction cost of this drilling unit (including
capitalized interest) is expected to be approximately $160 million.

         All of our currently active drilling units have contractual dayrate
commitments that are the highest in their respective histories. Currently, we
have approximately 95% and 80% of our available rig days contracted for fiscal
years 2007 and 2008, respectively. For many years, one of our strategic focuses
has been maintaining high equipment utilization. We had a 100% and 98% equipment
utilization rate in fiscal years 2006 and 2005, respectively and have averaged
over 90% utilization over the last ten years. Today, virtually all worldwide
offshore drilling areas have strong market fundamentals, with high utilization
of both floating as well as bottom supported drilling units. Despite the
increase in operating costs for fiscal year 2006, our operating results
significantly increased for fiscal year 2006 compared to fiscal year 2005.
Although we anticipate a continuing trend for increases in operating costs
during the next fiscal year, with our backlog of contracted days providing
increasing revenue expectations, we anticipate that revenues, operating cash
flows and earnings for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 will reflect a significant
improvement over fiscal year 2006 operating results, and they are expected to be
the highest in our history.

                                       2

OFFSHORE DRILLING EQUIPMENT

         In addition to our owned and operating rigs described above, we also
manage two modern, self-contained platform rigs; thus, giving us a current
diversified fleet of ten (10) drilling rigs.

         Each type of drilling rig is uniquely designed for different purposes
and applications, for operations in different water depths, bottom conditions,
environments and geographical areas, and for different drilling and operating
requirements. The following descriptions of the various types of drilling rigs
we own or manage illustrate the diversified range of applications of our rig
fleet.

         Semisubmersible Rigs. Each semisubmersible drilling unit has two hulls,
the lower of which is capable of being flooded. Drilling equipment is mounted on
the main hull. After the drilling unit is towed to location, the lower hull is
flooded, lowering the entire drilling unit to its operating draft, and the
drilling unit is anchored in place. On completion of operations, the lower hull
is deballasted, raising the entire drilling unit to its towing draft. This type
of drilling unit is designed to operate in greater water depths than a jack-up
and in more severe sea conditions than other types of drilling units.
Semisubmersible units are generally more expensive to operate than jack-up
drilling rigs and are often limited in the amount of supplies that can be stored
on board.

         Semisubmersible Tender Assist Rigs. Semisubmersible tender assist rigs
operate like a semisubmersible except that their drilling equipment is
temporarily installed on permanently constructed offshore support platforms.
Semisubmersible rigs provide crew accommodations, storage facilities and other
support for drilling operations.

         Jack-up Drilling Rigs. A jack-up drilling rig contains all of the
drilling equipment on a single hull designed to be towed to a well site. Once on
location, legs are lowered to the sea floor and the unit is raised out of the
water by jacking the hull up the legs. On completion of the well, the unit is
jacked down, and towed to the next location. A jack-up drilling rig can operate
in more severe sea and weather conditions than a drillship and is less expensive
to operate than a semisubmersible. However, because it must rest on the sea
floor, a jack-up cannot operate in water as deep as that in which a
semisubmersible unit can operate. A jack-up drilling rig is a bottom supported
rig.

         Submersible Drilling Rigs. The submersible drilling rig we own has two
hulls, the lower being a mat, which is capable of being flooded. Drilling
equipment and crew accommodations are located on the main hull. After the
drilling unit is towed to its location, the lower hull is flooded, lowering the
entire unit to its operating draft at which it rests on the sea floor. On
completion of operations, the lower hull is deballasted, raising the entire unit
to its towing draft. This type of drilling unit is designed to operate in
shallow water depths ranging from 9 to 70 feet and can operate in moderately
severe sea conditions. Although drilling units of this type are less expensive
to operate, like a jack-up drilling rig, they cannot operate in water as deep as
that in which a semisubmersible rig can operate. A submersible drilling rig is a
bottom supported unit.

         Modular Platform Rigs. A modular platform rig is similar to a land rig
in its basic components. Modular platform rigs are temporarily installed on
permanently constructed offshore support platforms in order to perform drilling
operations. After the drilling phase is completed, the modular rig is broken
down into convenient packages and moved by workboats. A platform rig usually
stays at a location for several months, if not years, since several wells are
typically drilled from a support platform.

DRILLING CONTRACTS

         We obtain the contracts under which we operate our vessels either
through individual negotiation with the customer or by submitting proposals in
competition with other contractors. Our contracts vary in their terms and
conditions. The initial term of contracts for our owned and/or managed vessels
has ranged from the length of time necessary to drill one well to several years
and is generally subject to early termination in the event of a total loss of
the drilling vessel, a force majeure event, excessive equipment breakdown or
failure to meet minimum performance criteria. It is not unusual for contracts to
contain renewal provisions, which in time of weak market conditions are usually
at the option of the customer; while in time of strong market demand, like
today, are usually mutually agreeable.

         The rate of compensation specified in each contract depends on the
nature of the operation to be performed, the duration of the work, the amount
and type of equipment and services provided, the geographic areas involved,
market conditions and other variables. Generally, contracts for drilling,
management and support services specify a basic rate of compensation computed on
a dayrate basis. Such agreements generally provide for a reduced dayrate payable
when operations are interrupted by equipment failure and subsequent repairs,
field moves, adverse weather conditions or other factors beyond our control.

                                       3

Some contracts also provide for revision of the specified dayrates in the event
of material changes in certain items of cost. Any period during which a vessel
is not earning a full operating dayrate because of the above conditions or
because the vessel is idle and not on contract will have an adverse effect on
operating profits. An over-supply of drilling rigs in any market area can
adversely affect our ability to employ our drilling vessels. Our active rig
utilization, which excludes contractual downtime for rigs upgraded, for fiscal
years 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 100%, 98% and 93%, respectively.

         Of our current drilling contracts, seven of our drilling units have
contract terms that extend beyond fiscal year 2007. The ATWOOD EAGLE's contract
in Australia extends into fiscal year 2010. The ATWOOD FALCON, ATWOOD BEACON and
VICKSBURG contracts extend into fiscal year 2009. The ATWOOD HUNTER, ATWOOD
SOUTHERN CROSS, and SEAHAWK contracts extend into fiscal year 2008. Even though
the RICHMOND currently does not have a contract commitment that extends beyond
fiscal year 2007, we expect that this rig will remain highly utilized under the
current market conditions. With the completion of the ATWOOD FALCON's water
depth upgrade and the reattachment of the last leg sections on the ATWOOD BEACON
in November 2006, we currently have no planned shipyard time for any of our rigs
for the remainder of fiscal year 2007. Currently, the only planned downtime for
the remainder of fiscal year 2007 is a ten to fourteen day required inspection
planned for the ATWOOD HUNTER. However, we can provide no assurance that we will
not experience some unplanned idle time on our other drilling units during
fiscal year 2007. Maintaining high equipment utilization in up, as well as down,
cycles is a key factor in generating cash to satisfy current and future
obligations.

For long moves of drilling equipment, we attempt to obtain from our
customers either a lump sum or a dayrate as mobilization compensation for
expenses incurred during the period in transit. In today's strong market
environment, we are able to receive a dayrate as mobilization compensation;
however, a surplus of certain types of units, either worldwide or in particular
operating areas, can result in our acceptance of a contract which provides only
partial or no recovery of relocation costs. Additionally, under such a contract,
we may not make any profit during the relocation of a rig. For example, in
fiscal year 2003, the ATWOOD EAGLE was moved from offshore Greece to offshore
Angola at a cost of $8.2 million, with only $2.7 million received in
mobilization compensation, and the ATWOOD FALCON was relocated from offshore
Australia with mobilization costs of approximately $2 million, which
approximated mobilization compensation. We can give no assurance that we will
receive full or partial recovery of any future relocation costs beyond that for
which we have already contracted.

Operation of our drilling equipment is subject to the offshore drilling
requirements of petroleum exploration companies and agencies of foreign
governments. These requirements are, in turn, subject to fluctuations in
government policies, world demand and prices for petroleum products, proved
reserves in relation to such demand and the extent to which such demand can be
met from onshore sources.

         We also contract to provide various types of services to third party
owners of drilling rigs. These contracts are normally for a stated term or until
termination of operations or stages of operation at a particular facility or
location. The services may include, as in the case of contracts we have entered
into in connection with operations offshore Australia, the supply of personnel
and rig design, fabrication, installation and operation. The contracts normally
provide for reimbursement to us for all out-of-pocket expenses, plus a service
or management fee for all of the services performed. In most instances, the
amount charged for the services may be adjusted if there are changes in
conditions, scope or costs of operations. We generally obtain insurance or a
contractual indemnity from the owner for liabilities which could be incurred in
operations.

         The majority of our contracts are denominated in United States dollars,
but occasionally a portion of a contract is payable in local currency. To the
extent there is a local currency component in a contract, we attempt to match
revenue in the local currency to operating costs paid in the local currency such
as local labor, shore base expenses, and local taxes, if any.

INSURANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT

         Our operations are subject to the usual hazards associated with the
drilling of oil and gas wells, such as blowouts, explosions and fires. In
addition, our equipment is subject to various risks particular to our industry
which we seek to mitigate by maintaining insurance. These risks include leg
damage to jack-ups during positioning (such as we experienced in fiscal year
2004 with the ATWOOD BEACON), capsizing, grounding, collision and damage from
severe weather conditions. Any of these risks could result in damage or
destruction of drilling rigs and oil and gas wells, personal injury and property
damage, suspension of operations or environmental damage through oil spillage or
extensive, uncontrolled fires. Therefore, in addition to general business
insurance policies, we maintain the following insurance relating to our rigs and
rig operations: hull and machinery, loss of hire, builder's risk, cargo, war
risks, protection and indemnity, and excess liability, among others.

                                       4

Our operations are also subject to disruption due to terrorism. As a
result of significant losses incurred by the insurance industry due to
terrorism, offshore drilling rig accidents, damages from hurricanes and other
events, we have experienced increases in premiums for certain insurance
coverages. Although we believe that we are adequately insured against normal and
foreseeable risks in our operations in accordance with industry standards, such
insurance may not be adequate to protect us against liability from all
consequences of well disasters, marine perils, extensive fire damage, damage to
the environment or disruption due to terrorism. To date, we have not experienced
difficulty in obtaining insurance coverage, although we can provide no assurance
as to the future availability of such insurance or the cost thereof. The
occurrence of a significant event against which we are not adequately insured
could have a material adverse effect on our financial position. See also "Risk
Factors" in Item 1A.

CUSTOMERS

         During fiscal year 2006, we performed operations for 13 customers.
Because of the relatively limited number of customers for which we can operate
at any given time, revenues from four different customers amounted to 10% or
more of our revenues in fiscal year 2006 as indicated below:

         Customer                           Percentage of Revenues
         ----------------------------------------------------------
         Woodside Energy Ltd.                        28%
         Burullus Gas Co.                            14%
         Sarawak Shell                               12%
         Hoang Long and Hoan Vu Companies            12%

         Our business operations are subject to the risks associated with a
business having a limited number of customers for our products or services, and
a decrease in the drilling programs of these customers in the areas where we are
employed may adversely affect our revenues and therefore, our results of
operations and cash flows.

COMPETITION

         We compete with several international offshore drilling contractors,
most of which are substantially larger than we are and which possess appreciably
greater financial and other resources. The offshore drilling industry is very
competitive, with no single offshore drilling contractor being dominant. Thus,
there is competition in securing available offshore drilling contracts.

         Price competition is generally the most important factor in the
offshore drilling industry; however, when there is high worldwide utilization of
equipment, as currently exists, rig availability and suitability become more
important factors in securing contracts than price. The technical capability of
specialized drilling equipment and personnel at the time and place required by
customers are also important. Other competitive factors include work force
experience, rig suitability, efficiency, condition of equipment, safety
performance, reputation and customer relations. We believe that we compete
favorably with respect to these factors.

INDUSTRY TRENDS

         The performance of the offshore drilling industry is largely determined
by basic supply and demand for available equipment. Periods of high demand and
high dayrates are often followed by periods of low demand and low dayrates.
Offshore drilling contractors can mobilize rigs from one region of the world to
another, can "cold stack" rigs (taking them out of service) or reactivate cold
stacked rigs in order to adjust supply of existing equipment in various markets
to meet demand. The market is highly cyclical and is typically driven by general
economic activity and changes in actual or anticipated oil and gas prices.
Generally, sustained high energy prices translate into increased exploration and
production spending by oil and gas companies, which in turn results in increased
drilling activity and demand for equipment like ours.

         The offshore markets where we currently operate, offshore Southeast
Asia, offshore Africa, offshore Australia, the Black Sea, and shallow water U.S.
Gulf of Mexico, offer the potential for continuing high utilization and
dayrates. We expect demand for all of our drilling units to continue to be
strong due to demand for oil and gas in their respective regions, as well as
significant growth in demand for oil and gas driven by China's and India's
rapidly expanding economies.

INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS

         The large majority of our operations are in foreign jurisdictions which
we have historically found to be more stable in market terms. We believe
international operations provide a better opportunity than domestic operations

                                       5

for attractive contracts and returns over the longer term. Since 1970, we have
operated offshore Southeast Asia, offshore Australia, in the Far East, in the
Mediterranean Sea, in the Arabian Gulf, in the Red Sea, in the Black Sea,
offshore India, offshore Papua New Guinea, offshore Vietnam, offshore East and
West Africa, offshore Central and South America, offshore China and in the U.S.
Gulf of Mexico. Currently, we have only one rig working in the U.S. Gulf of
Mexico. We have foreign offices currently located in Australia, Malaysia, Egypt,
Malta, Indonesia, West Africa, Singapore and the United Kingdom.

         Virtually all of our tax provision for fiscal years 2004, 2005 and 2006
relates to taxes in foreign jurisdictions. As a result of working in foreign
jurisdictions, we earned a high level of operating income in certain nontaxable
and deemed profit tax jurisdictions which significantly reduced our effective
tax rate for the current fiscal year when compared to the United States
statutory rate. In addition, we reversed a $1.8 million tax contingent liability
during fiscal year 2006 due to the expiration of the statute of limitations in
a foreign jurisdiction. Also, we were advised by a foreign tax authority that
it had approved acceptance of certain amended prior year tax returns. The
acceptance of these amended tax returns, along with the fiscal year 2005 tax
return for this foreign jurisdiction, resulted in the recognition of a $4.6
million tax benefit in the third quarter of the current fiscal year. Including
the two previously mentioned discrete items, which reduced our rate by 7%, our
effective tax rate for fiscal year 2006 was approximately 6%.

         During fiscal year 2005, our tax provision was offset by two foreign
discrete items. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2005, we received a $1.7
million tax refund in Malaysia related to a previously reserved tax receivable.
In addition, a $1.0 million deferred tax benefit was recognized in June 2005 due
to the filing and subsequent acceptance by the local tax authority, of amended
prior year tax returns. In addition, on December 1, 2005, we received
notification from the United States Department of Treasury that a previously
reserved United States income tax refund we had been pursuing for over two years
had been approved for payment. Based upon this approval, we reduced our income
tax provision by the refund amount of $3.3 million for the year ended September
30, 2005. Furthermore, during fiscal year 2005, operating income earned in
certain nontaxable and deemed profit tax jurisdictions was higher when compared
to fiscal year 2004, including business interruption proceeds earned by the
ATWOOD BEACON in a zero tax jurisdiction for approximately three and a half
months, which contributed to a lower effective tax rate. As a result of these
items, our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2005 was significantly less when
compared to fiscal year 2004 and the United States statutory rate.

         Excluding any discrete items that may occur, we expect our effective
tax rate to be approximately 15-20% for fiscal year 2007 due to increased
earnings in foreign jurisdictions with high statutory tax rates.

         We do not record federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of
our foreign subsidiaries that we consider to be permanently reinvested in
foreign operations. In addition, there was no cumulative amount of such
undistributed earnings and profits at September 30, 2006.

EMPLOYEES

         We currently employ approximately 1,100 persons in our domestic and
foreign operations. In connection with our foreign drilling operations, we are
often required by the host country to hire substantial portions of our work
force in that country and, in some cases, these employees are represented by
foreign unions. To date, we have experienced little difficulty in complying with
such requirements, and our drilling operations have not been significantly
interrupted by strikes or work stoppages. Our success depends to a significant
extent upon the efforts and ability of our executive officers and other key
management personnel. There is no assurance that these individuals will continue
in such capacity for any particular period of time.

ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATION

         The transition zone and shallow water areas of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico
are ecologically sensitive. Environmental issues have led to higher drilling
costs, a more difficult and lengthy well permitting process and, in general,
have adversely affected decisions of oil and gas companies to drill in these
areas. In the United States, regulations applicable to our operations include
regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment,
requiring removal and cleanup of materials that may harm the environment or
otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. For example, as an
operator of a mobile offshore drilling unit in navigable United States waters
and some offshore areas, we may be liable for damages and costs incurred in
connection with oil spills or other unauthorized discharges of chemicals or
wastes resulting from or related to those operations. Laws and regulations
protecting the environment have become more stringent, and may in some cases
impose strict liability, rendering a person liable for environmental damage
without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such person. Some of these
laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions
caused by others or for acts which were in compliance with all applicable laws
at the time they were performed. The application of these requirements or the
adoption of new requirements could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

                                       6

The U.S. Federal Water Pollution Control Act of 1972, commonly referred
to as the Clean Water Act, prohibits the discharge of specified substances into
the navigable waters of the United States without a permit. The regulations
implementing the Clean Water Act require permits to be obtained by an operator
before specified exploration activities occur. Offshore facilities must also
prepare plans addressing spill prevention control and countermeasures.
Violations of monitoring, reporting and permitting requirements can result in
the imposition of civil and criminal penalties.

         The U.S. Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or OPA, and related regulations
impose a variety of requirement on "responsible parties" related to the
prevention of oils spills and liability for damages resulting from such spills.
Few defenses exist to the liability imposed by OPA, and the liability could be
substantial. Failure to comply with ongoing requirements or inadequate
cooperation in the event of a spill could subject a responsible party to civil
or criminal enforcement action. We have taken all steps necessary to comply with
this law, and have received a Certificate of Financial Responsibility (Water
Pollution) from the U.S. Coast Guard. Our operations in United States waters are
also subject to various other environmental regulations regarding pollution, and
we have taken steps to ensure compliance with those regulations.

         The U.S. Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act authorizes regulations
relating to safety and environmental protection applicable to lessees and
permittees operating on the outer continental shelf. Included among these are
regulations that require the preparation of spill contingency plans and
establish air quality standards for certain pollutants, including particulate
matter, volatile organic compounds, sulfur dioxide, carbon monoxide and nitrogen
oxides. Specific design and operational standards may apply to outer continental
shelf vessels, rigs, platforms, vehicles and structures. Violations of lease
conditions or regulations related to the environment issued pursuant to the U.S.
Outer Continental Shelf Lands Act can result in substantial civil and criminal
penalties, as well as potential court injunctions curtailing operations and
cancelling leases. Such enforcement liabilities can result from either
governmental or citizen prosecution.

         The U.S. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and
Liability Act, or CERCLA, also known as the "Superfund" law, imposes liability
without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct on some classes
of persons that are considered to have contributed to the release of a
"hazardous substance" into the environment. Such persons include the owner or
operator of a facility where a release occurred and companies that disposed or
arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances found at a particular
site. Persons who are or were responsible for releases of hazardous substances
under CERCLA may be subject to joint and several liability for the cost of
cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the
environment and for damages to natural resources. It is also not uncommon for
third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly
caused by the hazardous substances released into the environment.

OTHER GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION

         Our non-United States contract drilling operations are subject to
various laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate, including
laws and regulations relating to the importation of and operation of drilling
units, currency conversions and repatriation, oil and gas exploration and
development, taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel,
the use of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors and duties on
the importation and exportation of drilling units and other equipment.
Governments in some foreign countries have become increasingly active in
regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions and companies holding
concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and
gas industries in their countries. In some areas of the world, this governmental
activity has adversely affected the amount of exploration and development work
done by major oil and gas companies and may continue to do so. Operations in
less developed countries can be subject to legal systems that are not as mature
or predictable as those in more developed countries, which can lead to greater
uncertainty in legal matters and proceedings.

         Our worldwide operations are also subject to a variety of laws and
regulations designed to improve safety in the businesses in which we operate.
International conventions, including Safety of Life at Sea, also referred to as
SOLAS, and the Code for Construction of Mobile Offshore Drilling Units, also
referred to as the MODU CODE, generally are applicable to our offshore
operations. Historically, we have made significant capital expenditures and
incurred additional expenses to ensure that our equipment complies with
applicable local and international health and safety regulations. Our future
efforts to comply with these regulations and standards may increase our costs
and may affect the demand for our services by influencing energy prices or
limiting the areas in which we may drill.

         Although significant capital expenditures may be required to comply
with these governmental laws and regulations, such compliance has not, to date,
materially adversely affected our earnings, cash flows or competitive position.

                                       7

SECURITIES LITIGATION SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

         Statements included in this report which are not historical facts
(including any statements concerning plans and objectives of management for
future operations or economic performance, or assumptions related thereto) are
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, we and our representatives may from
to time to time make other oral or written statements which are also
forward-looking statements.

         These forward-looking statements are made based upon management's
current plans, expectations, estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning
future events impacting us and therefore involve a number of risks and
uncertainties. We caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees and
that actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in
the forward-looking statements.

         Important factors that could cause our actual results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows to differ include, but are not necessarily
limited to:

        o   our dependence on the oil and gas industry;

        o   the operational risks involved in drilling for oil and gas;

        o   changes in rig utilization and dayrates in response to the
            level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is
            significantly affected by indications and expectations
            regarding the level and volatility of oil and gas prices,
            which in turn are affected by such things as political,
            economic and weather conditions affecting or potentially
            affecting regional or worldwide demand for oil and gas,
            actions or anticipated actions by OPEC, inventory levels,
            deliverability constraints, and future market activity;

        o   the extent to which customers and potential customers continue to
            pursue deepwater drilling;

        o   exploration success or lack of exploration success by our customers
            and potential customers;

        o   the highly competitive and cyclical nature of our business, with
            periods of low demand and excess rig availability;

        o   the impact of the war with Iraq or other military operations,
            terrorist acts or embargoes elsewhere;

        o   our ability to enter into and the terms of future drilling
            contracts;

        o   the availability of qualified personnel;

        o   our failure to retain the business of one or more significant
            customers;

        o   the termination or renegotiation of contracts by customers;

        o   the availability of adequate insurance at a reasonable cost;

        o   the occurrence of an uninsured loss;

        o   the risks of international operations, including possible economic,
            political, social or monetary instability, and compliance with
            foreign laws;

        o   the effect public health concerns could have on our international
            operations and financial results;

        o   compliance with or breach of environmental laws;

        o   the incurrence of secured debt or additional unsecured indebtedness
            or other obligations by us or our subsidiaries;

        o   the adequacy of sources of liquidity;

                                 8

o   currently unknown rig repair needs and/or additional opportunities
            to accelerate planned maintenance expenditures due to presently
            unanticipated rig downtime;

        o   higher than anticipated accruals for performance-based
            compensation due to better than anticipated performance by us,
            higher than anticipated severance expenses due to
            unanticipated employee terminations, higher than anticipated
            legal and accounting fees due to unanticipated financing or
            other corporate transactions, and other factors that could
            increase general and administrative expenses;

        o   the actions of our competitors in the offshore drilling industry,
            which could significantly influence rig dayrates and utilization;

        o   changes in the geographic areas in which our customers plan to
            operate, which in turn could change our expected effective tax rate;

        o   changes in oil and gas drilling technology or in our
            competitors' drilling rig fleets that could make our drilling
            rigs less competitive or require major capital investments to
            keep them competitive;

        o   rig availability;

        o   the effects and uncertainties of legal and administrative
            proceedings and other contingencies;

        o   the impact of governmental laws and regulations and the
            uncertainties involved in their administration, particularly in
            some foreign jurisdictions;

        o   changes in accepted interpretations of accounting guidelines and
            other accounting pronouncements and tax laws;

        o   the risks involved in the construction, upgrade, and repair of our
            drilling units; and

        o   such other factors as may be discussed in this report and our
            other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
            or SEC.

         These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of
our forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could
also have material adverse effects on future results. The words "believe,"
"impact," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan" and similar expressions
identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found
at various places throughout the Management's Discussion and Analysis in our
Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 2006 incorporated by reference in
Part II and elsewhere in this report. When considering any forward-looking
statement, you should also keep in mind the risk factors described in other
reports or filings we make with the SEC from time to time. Undue reliance should
not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only on
the date hereof. Neither we nor our representatives have a general obligation to
revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances that arise after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

COMPANY INFORMATION

         We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC. Our SEC filings are available to the public over
the internet at the SEC's web site at www.sec.gov. Our website address is
www.atwd.com. We make available free of charge on or through our website our
annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports
on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We
have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our chief executive officer and our
senior financial officers which is also available on our website. We intend to
satisfy the disclosure requirement regarding any changes in or waivers from our
code of ethics by posting such information on our website or by filing a Form
8-K for such event. Unless stated otherwise, information on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this report or made a part hereof for any
purpose. You may also read and copy any document we file at the SEC's Public
Reference Room at 100F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms and copy
charges.

                                       9

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

         An investment in our securities involves significant risks. You should
carefully consider the risk factors described below before deciding whether to
invest in our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not
the only ones we face. You should also carefully read and consider all of the
information we have included, or incorporated by reference, in this report for
Form 10-K before you decide to invest in our securities. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may
also impair our business.

WE RELY ON THE OIL AND NATURAL GAS INDUSTRY AND VOLATILE OIL AND NATURAL GAS
PRICES IMPACT DEMAND FOR OUR SERVICES.

         Demand for our services depends on activity in offshore oil and natural
gas exploration, development and production. The level of exploration,
development and production activity is affected by factors such as:

      o    prevailing oil and natural gas prices;

      o    expectations about future prices;

      o    the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and
           natural gas;

      o    the sale and expiration dates of available offshore leases;

      o    worldwide demand for petroleum products;

      o    current availability of oil and natural gas resources;

      o    the rate of discovery of new oil and natural gas reserves in
           offshore areas;

      o    local and international political and economic conditions;

      o    technological advances;

      o    ability of oil and natural gas companies to generate or otherwise
           obtain funds for capital;

      o    the ability of the Organization of Petroleum  Exporting  Countries,
           or OPEC, to set and maintain production levels and pricing;

      o    political or other disruptions that limit exploration, development
           and production in oil-producing countries;

      o    the level of production by non-OPEC countries; and

      o    laws and governmental regulations that restrict exploration and
           development of oil and natural gas in various jurisdictions.

         During recent years, the level of offshore exploration, development and
production activity has been volatile. Such volatility is likely to continue in
the future. A decline in the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas or
prolonged low oil or natural gas prices in the future would likely result in
reduced exploration and development of offshore areas and a decline in the
demand for our services. Even during periods of high prices for oil and natural
gas, companies exploring for oil and gas may cancel or curtail programs, or
reduce their levels of capital expenditures for exploration and production for a
variety of reasons. Any such decrease in activity is likely to reduce our day
rates and our utilization rates and, therefore, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

RIG CONVERSIONS, UPGRADES OR NEWBUILDS MAY BE SUBJECT TO DELAYS AND
COST OVERRUNS.

         From time to time we may undertake to increase our fleet capacity
through conversions or upgrades to rigs or through new construction. These
projects are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large
construction project resulting from numerous factors, including the following:

                                       10

o   shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

        o   unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and
            equipment;

        o   unanticipated cost increases;

        o   weather interferences;

        o   difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit
            conditions;

        o   design and engineering problems; and

        o   shipyard failures.

OPERATING HAZARDS INCREASE OUR RISK OF LIABILITY; WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO FULLY
INSURE AGAINST THESE RISKS.

         Our operations are subject to various operating hazards and risks,
         including:

        o   catastrophic marine disaster;

        o   adverse sea and weather conditions;

        o   mechanical failure;

        o   navigation errors;

        o   collision;

        o   oil and hazardous substance spills, containment and clean up;

        o   labor shortages and strikes;

        o   damage to and loss of drilling rigs and production facilities; and

        o   war, sabotage and terrorism.

         These risks present a threat to the safety of personnel and to our
rigs, cargo, equipment under tow and other property, as well as the environment.
We could be required to suspend our operations or request that others suspend
their operations as a result of these hazards. Third parties may have
significant claims against us for damages due to personal injury, death,
property damage, pollution and loss of business if such event were to occur in
our operations.

         We maintain insurance coverage against the casualty and liability risks
listed above. We believe our insurance is adequate, and we have never
experienced a loss in excess of policy limits. However, we may not be able to
renew or maintain our existing insurance coverage at commercially reasonable
rates or at all. Additionally, there is no assurance that our insurance coverage
will be adequate to cover future claims that may arise.

THE INTENSE PRICE COMPETITION AND CYCLICALITY OF OUR INDUSTRY, WHICH IS MARKED
BY PERIODS OF LOW DEMAND, EXCESS RIG AVAILABILITY AND LOW DAYRATES, COULD HAVE
AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUES, PROFITABILITY AND CASH FLOWS.

         The contract drilling business is highly competitive with numerous
industry participants. The industry has experienced consolidation in recent
years and may experience additional consolidation. Recent mergers among oil and
natural gas exploration and production companies have reduced the number of
available customers.

         Drilling contracts are, for the most part, awarded on a competitive bid
basis. Price competition is often the primary factor in determining which
qualified contractor is awarded a job, although rig availability and the quality
and technical capability of service and equipment are also factors. We compete
with approximately ten other drilling contractors, most of which are
substantially larger and have appreciably greater resources than us.

                                       11

The industry in which we operate historically has been cyclical, marked
by periods of low demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates, followed by
periods of high demand, short rig supply and increasing dayrates. Periods of
excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and often result in
rigs being idled. Several markets in which we operate are currently
oversupplied. Lower utilization and dayrates in one or more of the regions in
which we operate would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
Prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could also result in the
recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash
flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time,
indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable. We may be
required to idle rigs or to enter into lower-rate contracts in response to
market conditions in the future.

WE RELY HEAVILY ON A SMALL NUMBER OF CUSTOMERS AND THE LOSS OF A SIGNIFICANT
CUSTOMER COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS.

         Our contract drilling business is subject to the usual risks associated
with having a limited number of customers for our services. Woodside Energy
Ltd., Burullus Gas Co., Sarawak Shell and Hoang Long and Hoan Vu Companies
provided approximately 28%, 14%, 12% and 12%, respectively of our consolidated
revenues in fiscal year 2006. Our results of operations could be materially
adversely affected if any of our major customers terminate its contracts with
us, fails to renew our existing contracts or refuses to award new contracts to
us.

WE MAY SUFFER LOSSES IF OUR CUSTOMERS TERMINATE OR SEEK TO RENEGOTIATE THEIR
CONTRACTS.

         Certain of our contracts with customers may be cancelable upon
specified notice at the option of the customer. Other contracts require the
customer to pay a specified early termination payment upon cancellation, which
payments may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. Contracts
customarily provide for either automatic termination or termination at the
option of the customer in the event of total loss of the drilling rig or if
drilling operations are suspended for extended periods of time by reason of acts
of God or excessive rig downtime for repairs, or other specified conditions.
Early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended
period of time. Our revenues may be adversely affected by customers' early
termination of contracts, especially if we are unable to recontract the affected
rig within a short period of time. During depressed market conditions, a
customer may no longer need a rig that is currently under contract or may be
able to obtain a comparable rig at a lower daily rate. As a result, customers
may seek to renegotiate the terms of their existing drilling contracts or avoid
their obligations under those contracts. The renegotiation of a number of our
drilling contracts could adversely affect our financial position, results of
operations and cash flows.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO OPERATING RISKS SUCH AS BLOWOUTS AND WELL FIRES THAT COULD
RESULT IN ENVIRONMENTAL DAMAGE, PROPERTY LOSS, AND PERSONAL INJURY OR DEATH.

         Our drilling operations are subject to many hazards that could increase
the likelihood of accidents. Accidents can result in:

        o   costly delays or cancellations of drilling operations;

        o   serious damage to, or destruction of, equipment;

        o   personal injury or death;

        o   significant impairment of producing wells or underground
            geological formations; and

        o   major environmental damage.

         Our offshore drilling operations are also subject to marine hazards,
either at offshore sites or while drilling equipment is under tow, such as
vessel capsizings, collisions or groundings. In addition, raising and lowering
jack-up drilling rigs and offshore drilling platforms whose three legs
independently penetrate the ocean floor, flooding semisubmersible ballast tanks
to help fix the floating drilling unit over the well site and drilling into
high-pressure formations are complex, hazardous activities and we can encounter
problems.

         We have had accidents in the past due to some of the hazards described
above, including the fiscal year 2004 ATWOOD BEACON incident. Because of the
ongoing hazards associated with our operations:

        o   we may experience a higher number of accidents in the
            future than expected;
                                       12

o   our insurance coverage may prove inadequate to cover losses that
            are greater than anticipated;

        o   our insurance deductibles may increase; or

        o   our insurance  premiums  may  increase  to the point  where
            maintaining our current level of coverage is prohibitively
            expensive.

         Any similar events could yield future operating losses and have a
significant adverse impact on our business.

OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS WILL BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF WE ARE UNABLE TO SECURE
CONTRACTS FOR OUR DRILLING RIGS ON ECONOMICALLY FAVORABLE TERMS.

         The drilling markets in which we compete frequently experience
significant fluctuations in the demand for drilling services, as measured by the
level of exploration and development expenditures, and the supply of capable
drilling equipment. In response to fluctuating market conditions, we can, as we
have done in the past, relocate drilling rigs from one geographic area to
another, but only when such moves are economically justified. If demand for our
rigs declines, rig utilization and dayrates are generally adversely affected.

FAILURE TO OBTAIN AND RETAIN KEY PERSONNEL COULD IMPEDE OUR OPERATIONS.

         We depend to a significant extent upon the efforts and abilities of our
executive officers and other key management personnel. There is no assurance
that these individuals will continue in such capacity for any particular period
of time. The loss of the services of one or more of our executive officers or
key management personnel could adversely affect our operations.

GOVERNMENT REGULATION AND ENVIRONMENTAL RISKS REDUCE OUR BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES AND INCREASE OUR COSTS.

         We must comply with extensive government regulation in the form of
international conventions, federal, state and local laws and regulations in
jurisdictions where our vessels operate and are registered. These conventions,
laws and regulations govern oil spills and matters of environmental protection,
worker health and safety, and the manning, construction and operation of
vessels, and vessel and port security. We believe that we are in material
compliance with all applicable environmental, health and safety, and vessel and
port security laws and regulations. We are not a party to any pending
governmental litigation or similar proceeding, and we are not aware of any
threatened governmental litigation or proceeding which, if adversely determined,
would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of
operations. However, the risks of incurring substantial compliance costs,
liabilities and penalties for non-compliance are inherent in our industry.
Compliance with environmental, health and safety, and vessel and port security
laws increases our costs of doing business. Additionally, environmental, health
and safety, and vessel and port security laws change frequently. Therefore, we
are unable to predict the future costs or other future impact of environmental,
health and safety, and vessel and port security laws on our operations. There is
no assurance that we can avoid significant costs, liabilities and penalties
imposed as a result of governmental regulation in the future.

OUR RELIANCE ON FOREIGN OPERATIONS EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL RISKS NOT GENERALLY
ASSOCIATED WITH DOMESTIC OPERATIONS, WHICH COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR
OPERATIONS OR FINANCIAL RESULTS.

         During the past five years, we derived substantially all of our
revenues from foreign sources. We, therefore, face risks inherent in conducting
business internationally, such as:

        o   legal and governmental regulatory requirements;

        o   difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international
            operations;

        o   language and cultural differences;

        o   potential vessel seizure or nationalization of assets;

        o   import-export quotas or other trade barriers;

                                       13

o   renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts;

        o   difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer
            collection periods;

        o   foreign and domestic monetary policies;

        o   political and economic instability;

        o   terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances;

        o   assault on property or personnel;

        o   travel  limitations or operational  problems caused by severe acute
            respiratory  syndrome (SARS) or other public health threats;

        o   imposition of currency exchange controls; and

        o   potentially  adverse tax  consequences,  including those due to
            changes in laws or interpretation of existing laws.

         In the past, these conditions or events have not materially affected
our operations. However, we cannot predict whether any such conditions or events
might develop in the future. Also, we organized our subsidiary structure and our
operations, in part, based on certain assumptions about various foreign and
domestic tax laws, currency exchange requirements, and capital repatriation
laws. While we believe our assumptions are correct, there can be no assurance
that taxing or other authorities will reach the same conclusion. If our
assumptions are incorrect, or if the relevant countries change or modify such
laws or the current interpretation of such laws, we may suffer adverse tax and
financial consequences, including the reduction of cash flow available to meet
required debt service and other obligations. Any of these factors could
materially adversely affect our international operations and, consequently, our
business, operating results and financial condition.

WE MAY SUFFER LOSSES AS A RESULT OF FOREIGN EXCHANGE RESTRICTIONS AND FOREIGN
CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS.

         A significant portion of the contract revenues of our foreign
operations are paid in United States dollars; however, some payments are made in
foreign currencies. As a result, we are exposed to currency fluctuations and
exchange rate risks as a result of our foreign operations. To minimize the
financial impact of these risks when we are paid in foreign currency, we attempt
to match the currency of operating costs with the currency of contract revenue.
However, any increase in the value of the United States dollar in relation to
the value of applicable foreign currencies could adversely affect our operating
revenues when translated into United States dollars. To date, currency
fluctuations have not had a material impact on our financial condition or
results of operations.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO WAR, SABOTAGE AND TERRORISM, WHICH COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE
EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS.

         The terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001 have had a continuing
impact, including those related to the current United States military campaigns
in Afghanistan and Iraq, on the energy industry. It is unclear what impact the
current United States military campaigns or possible future campaigns will have
on the energy industry in general, or us in particular, in the future.
Uncertainty surrounding retaliatory military strikes or a sustained military
campaign may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, including changes in
the insurance markets, disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly
oil, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities, including pipelines,
production facilities, refineries, electric generation, transmission and
distribution facilities, could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of,
an act of terror. War or risk of war may also have an adverse effect on the
economy.

         The terrorist attacks have resulted in a hardening of the insurance
market. We maintain insurance coverage against casualty and liability risks and
have renewed our primary insurance program for the insurance year 2006-2007. We
will evaluate the need to maintain this coverage as it applies to our drilling
fleet in the future. We believe our insurance is adequate, and we have never
experienced a loss in excess of policy limits. There is no assurance that our
insurance coverage will be available or affordable and, if available, whether it
will be adequate to cover future claims that may arise.

                                       14

Instability in the financial markets as a result of war, sabotage or
terrorism could also affect our ability to raise capital and could also
adversely affect the oil, gas and power industries and restrict their future
growth.

OUR SIGNIFICANT DEBT LEVEL MAY HINDER OUR OPERATIONAL FLEXIBILITY AND MAKE IT
DIFFICULT TO MEET OUR DEBT SERVICE OBLIGATIONS.

         We have significant indebtedness and will require substantial cash flow
to meet our debt service requirements. At September 30, 2006, our long-term debt
was $64 million. A high level of indebtedness will affect our future operations
in several ways, including the following:

        o     We may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and
              industry conditions than some of our competitors who have less
              debt, and therefore, we may be at a competitive disadvantage.

        o     Covenants in our debt obligations require us to meet certain
              financial tests and limit our ability to borrow additional
              funds, make certain capital expenditures, sell assets, pay
              cash dividends, or repurchase any of our outstanding common
              stock.

        o     We may experience difficulties in obtaining additional
              financing in the future for working capital, capital
              expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate purposes.

         Our ability to meet our debt obligations will depend on our future
performance, which will be affected by a range of economic, competitive, and
business factors. We cannot control many of these factors, such as general
economic and financial conditions in the oil and gas industry, the economy at
large and competitive initiatives of our competitors. Our future cash flows may
be insufficient to meet all of our debt obligations and commitments, and any
insufficiency could negatively impact our business. To the extent that we are
unable to repay our indebtedness as it becomes due or at maturity with cash on
hand or from other sources, we will need to refinance our debt, sell assets or
repay the debt with the proceeds of an equity offering. There is no assurance
that additional indebtedness or equity financing will be available to us in the
future for the refinancing or repayment of existing indebtedness, nor can we
give any assurance as to the timing of any asset sales or the proceeds that
could be realized by us from any such asset sale.

THE SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY INTEREST OWNED BY CERTAIN SHAREHOLDERS MAY LIMIT THE
ABILITY OF OTHER SHAREHOLDERS TO INFLUENCE THE OUTCOME OF DIRECTOR ELECTIONS AND
OTHER MATTERS REQUIRING SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL.

As of December 12, 2006, Helmerich & Payne International Drilling Co.,
owns of record and beneficially 4,000,000 shares, or approximately 13% of the
issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. One of our directors, Hans
Helmerich is an executive officer of Helmerich & Payne, Inc, ("H&P") the parent
company of Helmerich & Payne International Drilling Co. Another director,
George Dotson, was also an executive officer of H&P up until his retirement
in 2006. The beneficial ownership of our common stock and membership of an
officer of H&P on our board enables H&P to exercise some influence over the
election of directors and other corporate matters requiring shareholder or
board of directors' approval.

FUTURE SALES OF OUR COMMON STOCK BY HELMERICH & PAYNE  INTERNATIONAL
DRILLING CO. COULD ADVERSELY  AFFECT OUR MARKET PRICE.

         Helmerich & Payne International Drilling Co. has advised us that,
consistent with its pursuit of a strategy of focusing on its core drilling
business, it intends to evaluate its entire investment portfolio, which includes
shares of our common stock, and its cash requirements on a continuous basis and
that it may seek to dispose of all or a portion of the shares of our common
stock owned by it when and as necessary, from time to time, to fund its
corporate needs. Until the sale of all of the shares of common stock owned by
Helmerich & Payne International Drilling Co. which are currently registered on
Form S-3, Registration No. 333-117534, are sold or are de-registered, we will or
may have a large number of shares of common stock outstanding and available for
resale beginning at various points in the future. Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the possibility that
these sales may occur, could also make it more difficult for us to sell our
common stock or other equity securities in the future at a time and at a price
that we deem appropriate.

ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS IN OUR AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF FORMATION,
SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS, AND RIGHTS PLAN COULD MAKE IT DIFFICULT FOR
HOLDERS OF OUR COMMON STOCK TO RECEIVE A PREMIUM FOR THEIR SHARES UPON A CHANGE
OF CONTROL.

                                       15
 
         Holders of the common stock of acquisition targets often receive a
premium for their shares upon a change of control. Texas law and the following
provisions, among others, of our certificate of formation, bylaws and rights
plan could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control and
could prevent holders of our common stock from receiving such a premium:

        o     We are subject to a provision of Texas corporate law that
              prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with any
              shareholder for three years from the date that person became
              an affiliated shareholder by beneficially owning 20% or more
              of our outstanding common stock, unless specified conditions
              are met.

        o     Special meetings of shareholders may not be called by anyone
              other than our chairman of the board of directors, president,
              or the holders of at least one-tenth of all shares issued,
              outstanding, and entitled to vote.

        o     Our board of directors has the authority to issue up to
              1,000,000 shares of "blank-check" preferred stock and to
              determine the voting rights and other privileges of these
              shares without any vote or action by our shareholders.

        o     We have issued "poison pill" rights to purchase Series A
              Junior Participating Preferred Stock under our rights plan,
              whereby the ownership of our shares by a potential acquirer
              can be significantly diluted by the sale at a significant
              discount of additional shares of our common stock to all other
              shareholders, which could discourage unsolicited acquisition
              proposals.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

         None.

ITEM  2. PROPERTIES

         Information regarding the current location and general character of our
principal assets may be found in the table with the caption heading "Offshore
Drilling Operations" in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal
year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

                                      16

Collectively since fiscal year 1997, we have expended $386 million in
upgrading seven offshore mobile drilling units. The timing and costs of the
various upgrades are as follows:

YEAR UPGRADE
               DRILLING UNITS                COMPLETED        COST OF UPGRADE
       --------------------------------    -------------      --------------
                                                               (In Millions)

       ATWOOD HUNTER (PHASE I)                  1997                $ 40
       ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS (PHASE I)          1997                  35
       ATWOOD FALCON (PHASE I)                  1998                  45
       VICKSBURG                                1998                  35
       SEAHAWK (PHASE I)                        1999                  22
       ATWOOD EAGLE (PHASE I)                   2000                   8
       RICHMOND                                 2000                   7
       ATWOOD HUNTER (PHASE II)                 2001                  58
       ATWOOD EAGLE (PHASE II)                  2002                  90
       ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS (PHASE II)         2006                   7
       SEAHAWK (PHASE II)                       2006                  16
       ATWOOD FALCON (PHASE II)                 2006                  23
                                                                    ----
                                                                    $386
                                                                    ====

         In August 2003, our eighth active drilling unit, the newbuild
ultra-premium jack-up, ATWOOD BEACON, commenced its initial drilling contract
following completion of construction and commissioning. This drilling unit was
constructed at a cost of approximately $120 million. On July 25, 2004, all three
of the ATWOOD BEACON'S legs and its derrick were damaged while the rig was being
positioned. The rigs and its legs were transported to the builder's shipyard in
Singapore for inspection and initial repairs which were completed in January
2005. The remainder of the repairs were completed in November 2006. For more
information concerning these costs, see Note 4 in Consolidated Financial
Statements contained in our Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 2006,
incorporated by reference herein.

         The ATWOOD AURORA, another ultra-premium jack-up will become our ninth
drilling unit upon expected completion of its construction on or before
September 2008. This drilling unit is expected to have a total construction cost
of approximately $160 million. In October 2005, we sold our semisubmersible
hull, SEASCOUT, that we had purchased in 2000, for $10 million (net after
certain expenses), which resulted in a gain of approximately $1 million. We
purchased this hull for a possible upgrade to a tender assist vessel, but we
never identified an acceptable contract opportunity. Also, in October 2005, we
sold our spare 15,000 P.S.I. BOP stack for approximately $15 million, which
resulted in an after tax gain of approximately $9 million. We completed this
stack in 2003 for a possible future contractual requirement; however, the stack
had never been utilized and we had no current contractual requirements for its
use. At September 30, 2006, the collateral for our credit facility consisted
primarily of preferred mortgages held by our senior lender covering all eight of
our active drilling units.

ITEM  3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

         We are party to a number of lawsuits which are ordinary, routine
litigation incidental to our business, the outcome of which, individually, or in
the aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

ITEM  4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SHAREHOLDERS

         During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006, no matters were
submitted to a vote of shareholders through the solicitation of proxies or
otherwise.

                                    PART II

ITEM  5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER
         MATTERS

         As of December 12, 2006 there were approximately 3,300 beneficial
owners of our common stock based upon information provided to us by a third
party service provider. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange.

                                       17

We did not pay cash dividends in fiscal years 2005 or 2006 and we do
not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future because of the
capital-intensive nature of our business. To enable us to maintain our high
competitive profile in the industry, we expect to utilize cash reserves at the
appropriate time to upgrade existing equipment or to acquire additional
equipment. Our credit facility prohibits payment of cash dividends on common
stock without lender approval. We did declare a two-for-one stock split of our
common stock effected in the form of a 100% common stock dividend in March
2006.

         Market information concerning our common stock may be found under the
caption heading "Stock Price Information" in our Annual Report to Shareholders
for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

         Equity compensation plan information required by this item may be found
in Note 3 to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our Annual Report to
Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM  6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

         Information required by this item may be found under the caption "Five
Year Financial Review" in our Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year
2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM  7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

         Information required by this item may be found in our Annual Report to
Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

         Information required by this item may be found under the caption
"Disclosures About Market Risk" in the Company's Annual Report to Shareholders
for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM  8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

         Information required by this item may be found in our Annual Report to
Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

ITEM  9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
         FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

         None.

ITEM 9A.  CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

        (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

         Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of
the period covered by this report have been designed and are effective at the
reasonable assurance level so that the information required to be disclosed by
us in our periodic SEC filings is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specific in the SEC's rules and forms. We believe that a
controls system, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no
evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues
and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.

        (b) Management's Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial
            Reporting

         A copy of our Management's Report of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting is included in our Annual Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 2006,
which is incorporated by reference herein.

        (c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting
            Firm.

                                       18

A copy of the attestation report of PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, our
independent registered public accounting firm is included in our Annual Report
to Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, which is incorporated by reference herein.

        (d) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

         No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred
during the fiscal quarter covered by this report that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting.

ITEM 9B.  OTHER INFORMATION

         None.

                                    PART III

ITEM  10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE COMPANY

         This information is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8, 2007, to
be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K.

ITEM  11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

         This information is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8, 2007, to
be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K.

ITEM  12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

         This information is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8, 2007, to
be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K.

ITEM  13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

         This information is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8, 2007, to
be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K.

ITEM  14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

         This information is incorporated by reference from our definitive Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held February 8, 2007, to
be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year
covered by this Form 10-K.

                                    PART IV

ITEM  15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        (a) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND EXHIBITS

                  1. and 2. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES

         The following financial statements, together with the report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP dated December 12, 2006 appearing in our Annual
Report to Shareholders for fiscal year 2006, are incorporated by reference
herein:

           Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

           Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2006 and 2005

                                       19

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each of the three
           years in the period ended September 30, 2006

           Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each of the three
           years in the period ended September 30, 2006

           Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for
           each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 2006

           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

           3.       MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS AND COMPENSATORY PLANS OR ARRANGEMENTS

           The management contracts and compensatory plans or
           arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this report
           are as follows:

           Atwood Oceanics, Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity Plan -
           See Exhibit 10.1.1 hereof.

           Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (1996 Incentive
           Equity Plan) - See Exhibit 10.1.2 hereof.

           Amendment No. 1 to Atwood Oceanics, Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity
           Plan - See Exhibit 10.1.3 hereof.

           Form of Amendment No. 1 to the Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Stock Option
           Agreement (1996 Incentive Equity Plan) - See Exhibit 10.1.4 hereof.

           Amendment No. 2 to Atwood Oceanics, Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity
           Plan - See Exhibit 10.1.5 hereof.

           Amended and Restated Atwood Oceanics, Inc. 2001 Stock Incentive
           Plan - See Exhibit 10.1.6 hereof.

           Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Stock Option Agreement (2001 Stock
           Incentive Plan) - See  Exhibit 10.1.7 hereof.

           Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement
           (2001 Stock Incentive Plan) - See Exhibit 10.1.8 hereof.

           Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement
           Amended and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan - See Exhibit
           10.1.9 hereof.

           Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Retention Plan for Certain Salaried
           Employees dated effective as of January 1, 2006 - See Exhibit
           10.2.1 hereof.

           Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Retention Plan for Certain Salaried
           Employees dated effective as of January 1, 2007 - See Exhibit
           10.2.2 hereof.

           Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the
           Company and John R. Irwin - See Exhibit 10.3.1 hereof.

           Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the
           Company and James M. Holland - See Exhibit 10.3.2 hereof.

           Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the
           Company and Glen P. Kelley - See Exhibit 10.3.3 hereof.

(b) See the "EXHIBIT INDEX" for a listing of all of the
               Exhibits filed as part of this report.

           (c) NONE

                                       20

SIGNATURES

         Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                            ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.

                                            /S/JOHN R. IRWIN
                                            -----------------------
                                            JOHN R. IRWIN, President
                                            and Chief Executive Officer
                                            DATE:  December 13, 2006

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/S/ JAMES M. HOLLAND                             /S/ JOHN R. IRWIN
- --------------------                             -----------------
JAMES M. HOLLAND                                 JOHN R. IRWIN
Senior Vice President                            President, Chief Executive
and Chief Financial Officer                      Officer and Director
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)     (Principal Executive Officer)
Date:  December 13, 2006                         Date:  December 13, 2006

/S/ ROBERT W. BURGESS                            /S/ GEORGE S. DOTSON
- ---------------------                            --------------------
ROBERT W. BURGESS                                GEORGE S. DOTSON
Director                                         Director
Date:  December 13, 2006                         Date:  December 13, 2006

/S/ HANS HELMERICH                               /S/ WILLIAM J. MORRISSEY
- ------------------                               ------------------------
HANS HELMERICH                                   WILLIAM J. MORRISSEY
Director                                         Director
Date:  December 13, 2006                         Date:  December 13, 2006

/S/ DEBORAH A. BECK                              /S/JAMES R. MONTAGUE
- -------------------                              ---------------------
DEBORAH A. BECK                                  JAMES R. MONTAGUE
Director                                         Director
DATE:  December 13, 2006                         DATE:  December 13, 2006

21

EXHIBIT INDEX

3.1      Amended and Restated Certificate of Formation dated February 9, 2006
         (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of our Form 8-K filed
         February 14, 2006).

3.2      Second  Amended and  Restated  By-Laws  dated May 5, 2006
         (Incorporated  herein by  reference to Exhibit 3.2 of our Form 10-Q
         filed May 10, 2006).

4.1      Rights Agreement dated effective October 18, 2002 between the Company
         and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (Incorporated herein by
         reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our Form 8-A filed October 21, 2002).

4.2      Certificate of Adjustment of Atwood Oceanics,  Inc. dated March 17,
         2006 (Incorporated  herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of our
         Form 8-K filed March 23, 2006).

10.1.1   Atwood  Oceanics,  Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity Plan  (Incorporated
         herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 10-Q for the quarter
         ended June 30, 1997).

10.1.2   Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Stock Option Agreement - 1996 Incentive
         Equity Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to our Form 10-K for the
         year ended September 30, 1999).

10.1.3   Amendment No. 1 to the Atwood Oceanics,  Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity
         Plan (Incorporated  herein by reference to our Form 10-K for the year
         ended September 30, 1999).

10.1.4   Form of Amendment No. 1 to the Atwood  Oceanics,  Inc.  Stock Option
         Agreement - 1996  Incentive Equity Plan  (Incorporated  herein by
         reference  to Exhibit  10.3.4 of our Form 10-K for the year
         ended September 30, 1999).

10.1.5   Amendment No. 2 to the Atwood Oceanics,  Inc. 1996 Incentive Equity
         Plan (Incorporated  herein by reference to Appendix A to our
         Form DEF 14A filed January 12, 2001).

10.1.6   Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan
         (Incorporated herein by reference to Appendix D to our definitive proxy
         statement on Form DEF 14A filed January 13, 2006).

10.1.7   Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Stock Option Agreement - 2001 Stock
         Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3.7 of
         our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2005).

10.1.8   Form of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Restricted Stock Award Agreement - 2001
         Stock Incentive Plan. (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
         10.3.8 of our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2005).

10.1.9   Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Award Agreement Amended
         and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan (Incorporated herein by
         reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed June 1, 2006).

10.2.1   Atwood Oceanics, Inc. Retention Plan for Certain Salaried Employees
         effective as of January 1, 2006 (Incorporated herein by reference to
         Exhibit 10.4.2 of our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2005).

*10.2.2  Atwood  Oceanics,  Inc.  Retention  Plan for Certain  Salaried
         Employees  dated as of January 1, 2007.

10.3.1   Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the Company
         and John R. Irwin (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.1
         of our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002).

10.3.2   Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the Company
         and James M. Holland (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
         10.5.2 of our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002).

10.3.3   Executive Agreement dated as of September 18, 2002 between the Company
         and Glen P. Kelley (Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5.3
         of our Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2002).

10.4     Credit Agreement for $225 million dated April 1, 2003 among the
         Company, Atwood Oceanics Pacific Limited and Nordea Bank Finland Plc
         and other Financial Institutions (Incorporated herein by reference to
         Exhibit 99.1 of our 8-K filed April 7, 2003).

                                       22

10.5     Pooled Assignment and First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June
         27, 2003 among the Company, Atwood Oceanics Pacific Limited and Nordea
         Bank Finland Plc and other Financial Institutions (Incorporated herein
         by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of our Form 8-K filed July 30, 2003).

10.6     Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June 27, 2003 among the
         Company, Atwood Oceanics Pacific Limited and Nordea Bank Finland Plc
         and other Financial Institutions (Incorporated herein by reference to
         Exhibit 99.2 of our Form 8-K filed July 30, 2003).

10.7     Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated November 12, 2003 among the
         Company, Atwood Oceanics Pacific Limited and Nordea Bank Finland Plc
         and other Financial Institutions (Incorporated herein of reference to
         Exhibit 99.2 of our Form 8-K filed November 13, 2003).

10.8     Platform Construction Agreement by and between Atwood Oceanics Pacific
         Limited and Keppel AmFELS , Inc. dated March 1, 2006 (Incorporated
         herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of our Form 8-K filed March 2,
         2006).

*13.1    Annual Report to Shareholders.

*21.1    List of Subsidiaries.

*23.1    Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.

*31.1    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

*31.2    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

*32.1    Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

*32.2    Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the
         Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

         *Filed herewith

23

<EX-10>
 2
 exhibit1022.txt
 
                                                                 EXHIBIT 10.2.2

-----------------------------------

                              ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.

                                 RETENTION PLAN

                         FOR CERTAIN SALARIED EMPLOYEES

                       -----------------------------------

Effective as of January 1, 2007

This Plan will terminate automatically
             as of December 31, 2007 if there is no "Effective Date"
            (as defined in Plan Section 1.5) on or before that date.

ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.
                                 RETENTION PLAN
                         FOR CERTAIN SALARIED EMPLOYEES

The Company (as defined herein) hereby adopts this Retention Plan for
Certain Salaried Employees (the "Plan"), effective as of the 1st day of January,
2007.

INTRODUCTION

         The purpose of this Plan is to secure the interests of the Company's
shareholders in the event of a change of control of the Company. In such an
event, this Plan would provide an enhanced severance payment and other benefits
to encourage certain valued employees to remain employed with the Company during
that period of financial uncertainty preceding and following the change of
control. If such an event does not occur on or before December 31, 2007, this
Plan will terminate automatically, unless otherwise renewed by the Company's
Board of Directors.

ARTICLE I
                                   DEFINITIONS

         Terms defined above and initially capitalized shall have the respective
meanings so ascribed. When used in this Plan and initially capitalized, the
following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings unless
the context clearly requires otherwise:

         1.1 "Base Salary" as to any Covered Employee for any period, shall mean
the greater of the sum of such individual's monthly base salary and Bonus as of
the Termination of Employment or as of the date immediately preceding the
Effective Date, which is paid to such individual by the Company during
employment for such period, before reduction because of an election between
benefits or cash provided under a plan of the Company maintained pursuant to
Section 125 or 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and
before reduction for any other amounts contributed by the Company on such
individual's behalf to any other employee-benefit plan.

         1.2 "Bonus" as to Covered Employee for any period, shall mean the
average of bonus payments, if any, made over the preceding three years,
including any year for which a bonus has been awarded but not paid, divided by
twelve. If the Covered Employee has not been an employee of the Company for at
least three years, then Bonus shall be calculated over the period for which the
employee has been employed with the Company.

         1.3 "Company" shall mean Atwood Oceanics, Inc., a Texas corporation, or
any entity that is a successor to it in ownership of substantially all its
assets and their affiliates ("Atwood") and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.

         1.4      "Covered Employee" shall mean an employee described in
Article II of the Plan.

         1.5      "Effective Date" shall mean the date on or before
December 31, 2007, on which any of the following is effective:

(a)    The acquisition by any individual, entity or group
                         (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of
                         the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the
                         "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership
                         (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under
                         the Exchange Act) of twenty percent (20%) or more of
                         either (i) the then outstanding shares of common stock
                         of Atwood or (ii) the combined voting power of the
                         then outstanding voting securities of Atwood entitled
                         to vote generally in the election of directors;
                         provided, however, that the following acquisitions
                         shall not constitute a Change of Control:  (i) any
                         acquisition directly from Atwood; (ii) any acquisition

                                       2

by Atwood; (iii) any acquisition by any employee
                         benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or
                         maintained by the Company; or

                  (b)    Atwood shall sell substantially all of its assets to
                         another corporation which is not a wholly owned
                         subsidiary; or

                  (c)    Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the
                         Board of Atwood (the "Incumbent Board") cease for
                         any reason to constitute at least a majority of the
                         Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming
                         a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
                         election, or nomination for election by Atwood's
                         shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least a
                         majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent
                         Board shall be considered as though such individual
                         were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding,
                         for this purpose, any such individual whose initial
                         assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or
                         threatened election contest with respect to the
                         election or removal of directors or other actual or
                         threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or
                         on behalf of a Person other than the Board.

         1.6 "Employment Year" shall mean a period which commences on the first
date of employment or any anniversary of such date and ends one year from such
date.

         1.7 "Good Cause" shall mean a material violation of a Company policy or
procedure applicable to employees in the same or similar job position, the
willful disregard or failure to follow the reasonable instructions of a
superior, the taking of any action, or the failure to take any action, which
results in a damage or detriment to the Company, or the conviction of an
employee of a felony involving moral turpitude.

         1.8 "Health and Life Benefits" shall mean as to any employee, the
group-health and life-insurance benefits sponsored by the Company for its
full-time employees and provided to or elected by such individual as of the date
immediately preceding the Effective Date.

         1.9      "Other Severance" shall have the meaning set forth in
Section 2.2 of the Plan.

         1.10     "Severance Pay" shall mean the sum payable to a Covered
Employee upon Termination of Employment as set forth in Section 3.1 of the Plan.

         1.11     "Term" shall mean the period commencing on the Effective Date
and ending one year after that date.

         1.12 "Termination of Employment" shall mean a termination of employment
with the Company at the option of the Company for any reason, except a
termination of employment for Good Cause shall not mean a Termination of
Employment.

         1.13 "Years of Continuous Service" shall mean, as to any employee, all
full or partial years during which he was employed on a full-time basis by the
Company.

                                   ARTICLE II.
                                COVERED EMPLOYEES

         2.1 Who is a Covered Employee. Any employee of the Company who upon the
occurrence of an Effective Date, shall be listed in Schedule 3.1 hereto, which
Schedule 3.1 shall be amended from time to time by the Company, and who has a
Termination of Employment during the Term shall be a Covered Employee and
eligible to receive the benefits described in this Plan.

         2.2 Exclusions. Any employee who otherwise is a Covered Employee but
who, pursuant to a separate agreement signed on behalf of the Company, receives
severance or other salary continuation benefits upon a Termination of Employment
(other than payments or benefits under the Company's Executive Life Insurance
Plan) shall not be a Covered Employee under this Plan. This Plan shall be in
lieu of any plan, program, policy or practice of or contract or agreement with
the Company relating to severance of employment ("Other Severance") and any and

3

all benefits of payments arising out of or relating to Other Severance shall be
fully offset against any benefits or payments due and owing hereunder.

                                   ARTICLE III
                        SEVERANCE PAY AND OTHER BENEFITS

         3.1      Amount of Severance Pay.  The Company shall pay Severance Pay
to a Covered Employee upon a Termination of Employment in an amount equal to
the greater of (a) or (b):

                  (a) such individual's weekly Base Salary multiplied by such
                      individual's Years of Continuous Service; or

                  (b) a payment, depending upon the category of employee as
                      identified in Schedule 3.1 hereto, as follows:

 Category of Employee                                      Payment
 --------------------                                      -------
Houston Management A:                   (i)  Less  than 4 Years of  Continuous
                                        Service  - 6 months' Base Salary; or

                                        (ii) 4 Years but less than 8 Years
                                        of Continuous Service - 12 months'
                                        Base Salary; or

                                        (iii) 8 or greater Years of
                                        Continuous Service - 18 months' Base
                                        Salary

Houston Management B,
Houston Technical,
Rig Management and
Other Administration:                   (i)  Less  than 4 Years of  Continuous
                                        Service  - 1 month Base Salary; or

                                        (ii) 4 Years but less than 8 Years
                                        of Continuous Service - 4 months'
                                        Base Salary; or

                                        (iii) 8 Years but less than 12 Years
                                        of Continuous Service - 8 months'
                                        Base Salary; or

                                        (iv) 12 or greater Years of
                                        Continuous Service - 12 months' Base
                                        Salary

Houston Accounting A, Houston
Accounting B and
Houston Staff:                          (i)  Less  than 4 Years of  Continuous
                                        Service  - 1 month Base Salary; or

                                        (ii) 4 Years but less than 8 Years
                                        of Continuous Service - 3 months'
                                        Base Salary; or

                                        (iii) 8 or greater Years of
                                        Continuous Service - 6 months' Base
                                        Salary

                                       4

3.2       Health and Life Benefits.  Upon a Termination of Employment,
a Covered Individual's Health and Life Benefits shall be treated as follows:

                  (a)      Upon a Termination of Employment and if applicable,
                           the Company will notify each Covered Employee of the
                           right to elect to continue any Company-provided
                           health or disability benefits, all in accordance with
                           and subject to the provisions of the Consolidated
                           Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act ("COBRA"). The
                           Company shall charge the maximum allowable premium in
                           connection with any COBRA benefits so provided. Other
                           than the benefits provided under COBRA, the Company
                           shall have no further obligation to provide health or
                           disability insurance benefits to any Covered
                           Individual following a Termination of Employment.

                  (b)      Upon written request by a Covered Individual within
                           five (5) days of a Termination of Employment, the
                           Company shall assign any life, salary continuation or
                           travel insurance plans or policies to such Covered
                           Individual which by their terms are so assignable,
                           and such Covered Individual will thenceforth become
                           responsible for the payment of any premiums required
                           to maintain said plans or policies from and after the
                           date of Termination of Employment; otherwise, the
                           Company will cease to continue such life insurance
                           plans or policies on behalf of any Covered Employee
                           effective as of the date of Termination of
                           Employment.

      3.3 Payment for Unused Vacation. Upon a Termination of Employment, the
Company will pay a Covered Employee an amount equal to such individual's weekly
Base Salary multiplied by each full and partial week of vacation, which was
accrued but unused during the Employment Year in which occurred such
individual's Termination of Employment. For purposes of determining payment
under this Section 3.3, a full week of vacation consists of five (5) vacation
days.

ARTICLE IV
                          DISTRIBUTION OF CASH PAYMENTS

      The Company shall pay a Covered Employee the amount to which he or she is
entitled under (as applicable) Plan Section 3.1 (relating to Severance Pay) and
Plan Section 3.3 (relating to Payment for Unused Vacation) in one lump sum
within a reasonable time, but in no event greater than ten (10) business days,
after such Covered Employee's Termination of Employment.

ARTICLE V
                             ADMINISTRATION OF PLAN

      5.1 In General. The Plan shall be administered by Atwood, which shall be
the named fiduciary under the Plan. Atwood may delegate any of its
administrative duties, including without limitation duties with respect to the
processing, review, investigation, approval, and payment of benefits under the
Plan, to a named administrator or administrators.

      5.2 Regulations. Atwood shall promulgate any rules and regulations that it
deems necessary to carry out the purposes of the Plan, or to interpret the terms
and conditions of the Plan; provided that no rule, regulation, or interpretation
shall be contrary to the provisions of the Plan. The rules, regulations, and
interpretations made by Atwood shall, subject only to the claims procedure
outlined in Section 5.3 hereof, be final and binding on any employee or former
employee of the Company, or any successor in interest of either.

      5.3 Claims Procedure. The Company shall determine the rights of any
employee or former employee of the Company to any benefits hereunder. Any
employee or former employee of the Company who believes that he is entitled to
receive any benefits other than as initially determined by the Company, may file
a claim in writing with Atwood's President. Atwood shall, no later than ninety
(90) days after the receipt of a claim, either allow or deny the claim in
writing.

                                       5

A denial of a claim, wholly or partially, shall be written in a manner
calculated to be understood by the claimant and shall include:

                  (a)      the specific reason or reasons for the denial;
                  (b)      specific reference to pertinent Plan provisions on
                           which the denial is based;
                  (c)      a description of any additional material or
                           information necessary for the claimant to perfect the
                           claim and an explanation of why such material or
                           information is necessary; and
                  (d)      an explanation of the claim-review procedure.

      A claimant whose claim is denied (or his duly authorized representative)
may, within 30 days after receipt of denial of his claim:

                  (a)      request a review upon written application to the
                           Company's personnel administrator;
                  (b)      review pertinent documents; and
                  (c)      submit issues and comments in writing.

      Atwood shall notify the claimant of its decision on review within sixty
(60) days after receipt of a request for review. Notice of the decision on
review shall be in writing.

      5.4 Revocability of Company Action. Any action taken by Atwood with
respect to the rights under the Plan of any employee or former employee shall be
revocable by Atwood as to payments or distributions not yet made to such person,
and acceptance of any benefits under the Plan constitutes acceptance of and
agreement to any appropriate adjustments made by the Company in future payments
or distributions to such person to offset any excess or underpayment previously
made to him with respect to any benefits.

                                   ARTICLE VI
                        AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN

      6.1 Right to Amend or Terminate. Atwood reserves the right at any time
prior to the Effective Date, and without prior or other approval of any employee
or former employee, to change, modify, amend, or terminate the Plan. All such
changes, modifications, or amendments may be retroactive to any date up to and
including the original effective date of the Plan, and shall be retroactive to
that date unless other provision is specifically made; provided that no such
change, modification, or amendment shall adversely affect any benefit under the
Plan previously paid or provided to a Covered Employee (or his or her successor
in interest).

      6.2 Automatic Termination. This Plan shall terminate automatically as of
December 31, 2007, or such other extended termination date duly adopted in
accordance with the provisions of Section 6.1 above, if there is no Effective
Date on or before that date. Termination pursuant to this Plan Section 6.2 shall
occur without any action on the part of the Company and shall be effective
without prior notice to or approval of any employee or former employee of the
Company.

ARTICLE VII
                                METHOD OF FUNDING

      The Company shall pay benefits under the Plan from current operating
funds. No property of the Company is or shall be, by reason of this Plan, held
in trust for any employee of the Company, nor shall any person have any interest
in or any lien or prior claim upon any property of the Company by reason of the
Plan or the Company's obligations to make payments hereunder.

ARTICLE VIII
                      LEGAL FEES AND EXPENSES; ENFORCEMENT

      It is the intent of the Company that no Covered Employee be required to
incur the expenses associated with the enforcement of his rights under this Plan
by litigation or other legal action because the cost and expense thereof would
substantially detract from the benefits intended to be extended to a Covered

                                       6

Employee hereunder. Accordingly, if it should appear to a Covered Employee that
the Company has failed to comply with any of its obligations under this Plan or
in the event that the Company or any other person takes any action inconsistent
with the terms of this Plan to declare this Plan void or unenforceable, or
institutes any litigation designed to deny, or to recover from, the Covered
Employee the benefits intended to be provided to such Covered Employee
hereunder, the Company irrevocably authorizes such Covered Employee from time to
time to retain counsel of his choice, at the expense of the Company as
thereafter provided, to represent such Covered Employee in connection with the
initiation or defense of any litigation or other legal action, whether by or
against the Company or any director, officer, stockholder, or other person
affiliated with the Company in any jurisdiction. Notwithstanding any existing
prior attorney-client relationship between the Company and such counsel, the
Company irrevocably consents to such Covered Employee's entering into an
attorney-client relationship with such counsel, and in that connection the
Company and such Covered Employee agree that a confidential relationship shall
exist between such Covered Employee and such counsel. The Company shall pay and
be solely responsible for any and all attorneys' and related fees and expenses
incurred by such Covered Employee as a result of the Company's failure to
perform under this Plan or any provision thereof; or as a result of the Company
or any person contesting the validity or enforceability of this Plan or any
provision thereof.

ARTICLE IX
                                  MISCELLANEOUS

9.1 Limitation on Rights. Participation in the Plan shall not give any
employee the right to be retained in the service of the Company or any rights to
any benefits whatsoever, except to the extent specifically set forth herein.
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, employment with the Company is "at will."

      9.2 Headings. Headings of Articles and Sections in this instrument are for
convenience only, and do not constitute any part of the Plan.

      9.3 Gender and Number. Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the
masculine gender when used in the Plan shall include the feminine, and the
singular number shall include the plural and the plural number the singular.

7

EXECUTED as of the date first set forth above.

                              ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.

By: /s/ John R. Irwin
                              Name: John R. Irwin
                              Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

8

</EX-10>

<EX-13>
 3
 exh131.txt
 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 13.1

                       2006 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS

                                   THE COMPANY

This Annual Report is for Atwood Oceanics, Inc. and its subsidiaries, which
are  collectively  referred to as "we",  "our",  or the  "Company"  except where
stated  otherwise.  We are engaged in the  international  offshore  drilling and
completion  of  exploratory  and  developmental  oil and gas wells  and  related
support,  management and consulting  services.  Presently,  we own and operate a
premium,  modern fleet of eight mobile  offshore  drilling  units and manage the
operations of two  operator-owned  platform  drilling units currently located in
Northwest  Australia.  Since fiscal year 1997,  we invested  approximately  $510
million in upgrading  seven mobile offshore  drilling units and  constructing an
ultra-premium  jack-up unit, the ATWOOD BEACON. Upon its expected delivery on or
before  September  2008,  the  ATWOOD  AURORA  will be our ninth  active  mobile
offshore drilling unit. We support our operations from our Houston  headquarters
and offices currently located in Australia,  Malaysia,  Malta, Egypt, Indonesia,
Singapore and the United Kingdom.

FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

2006                   2005
                                             ----                   ----
                                                     (In Thousands)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED SEPTEMBER 30:
REVENUES                                    $276,625              $176,156
NET INCOME                                    86,122                26,011
CAPITAL EXPENDITURES                          78,464                25,563

AT SEPTEMBER 30:
NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT                  $436,166              $390,778
TOTAL ASSETS                                 593,829               495,694
TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY                   458,894               362,137

1

TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS AND EMPLOYEES:

     We are pleased to report revenues, operating cash flows and net income for
fiscal year 2006 were the highest in our thirty-nine year history. Our net
income of $86 million, or $2.74 per diluted share, was more than twice our
previous record net income in fiscal year 1998.

     Fiscal year 2006 ends with the Company in a strong position for the future.
Our fleet utilization for the fiscal year was 100% and there were a number of
accomplishments during the fiscal year in other key areas. Our contract backlog
in terms of available rig days for our eight units, all contracted at
historically high dayrates, is approximately 95% for fiscal year 2007, 80% for
fiscal year 2008 and 40% for fiscal year 2009. This contract backlog provides
strong upside visibility for fiscal year 2007 and further upside potential
beyond fiscal year 2007, particularly with our deepwater and international
jack-up leverage and with the ATWOOD HUNTER, ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS and RICHMOND
contracts repricing in fiscal year 2008. Also, this year, our future visibility
is enhanced with the change from well or well-to-well contracts to term
contracts on the VICKSBURG, ATWOOD HUNTER, ATWOOD FALCON, SEAHAWK and ATWOOD
BEACON. The ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS has a contract that continues into fiscal
year 2008, and the ATWOOD EAGLE has a two-year contract at a high dayrate,
currently estimated to commence in the first quarter of fiscal year 2009. Our
new, ultra-premium jack-up, the ATWOOD AURORA, scheduled for delivery on or
before September 2008, will offer growth potential when it commences operation
as our ninth owned offshore drilling unit. Our remaining unit, the RICHMOND, is
operating in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. The RICHMOND has operated profitably in
the Gulf of Mexico for many years.

     We continue to focus daily on safe, high standards of performance, our
people and the continuing development of our organization for the future. Our
safety and operational performance this fiscal year has been recognized by many
of our clients.

     The Company also continued its fleet upgrade, enhancement and new
construction program during the year with the successful completion of three
shipyard update projects (the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS, SEAHAWK and ATWOOD FALCON).
Total expenditures of approximately $50 million for these projects brought our
total project expenditures, since 1997, for fleet upgrade, renewal and
construction completed, to over $500 million. Construction of our new,
ultra-premium jack-up, the ATWOOD AURORA, also commenced this year.

     We are pleased with the Company's current position: a strong balance sheet
with a current debt to total capitalization ratio of approximately 12% and a
continuing trend for improvements in cash flows and financial results at
historic levels. The demand by our clients for the services and equipment that
our Company provides continues at a high level. Our strategy of focusing on
safe, quality operations, premium equipment, long-standing client relationships,
and being leveraged to attractive international markets has served us well - and
we believe will serve us well in the future.

     We are in a position to be opportunistic, when the time is right, and,
accordingly, continue to pursue and explore other future opportunities, as well
as evaluating the best use of future cash flow balances.

     As always, we thank our shareholders for their confidence and our employees
for their many contributions and achievements during fiscal year 2006, and we
look forward to fiscal year 2007.

/S/ JOHN R. IRWIN
                                                  John R. Irwin

                                       2

Notes -

         (1)   Fiscal years 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 have been restated to
               reflect a two-for-one stock split effected on March 2, 2006. See
               Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further
               dicussion.
         (2)   Excludes managed rigs, the SEASCOUT (sold in fiscal year
               2006), and contractual downtime on rigs upgraded.
         (3)   We have never paid any cash dividends on our common stock.
         (4)   In October 2004, we sold 2,350,000 shares of common stock in
               a public offering.

3

OFFSHORE DRILLING OPERATIONS
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                               MAXIMUM     PERCENTAGE    LOCATION AT
                     YEAR       WATER      OF FY 2006    DECEMBER 12,                         CONTRACT STATUS AT
  RIG NAME         UPGRADED     DEPTH       REVENUES        2006        CUSTOMER              DECEMBER 12, 2006
  --------         ---------    -----       --------     ------------   --------              -----------------
SEMISUBMERSIBLES -
                                                                                
ATWOOD EAGLE       2000/2002    5,000 Ft.     17%        Offshore       BHP BILLITON       The rig is currently working under a
                                                         Australia      PETROLEUM PTY      drilling program for BHPB which could
                                                                        ("BHPB")           extend, if all option wells are drilled,
                                                                                           to November 2007.  Upon completion of
                                                                                           this drilling commitment, the rig has a
                                                                                           one (1) well contract commitment with
                                                                                           ENI Australia BV, followed by a two (2)
                                                                                           year contract commitment with Woodside
                                                                                           Energy, Ltd.   It should take until
                                                                                           December 2009 before these drilling
                                                                                           commitments are completed.

ATWOOD HUNTER      1997/2001    5,000 Ft.     23%        Offshore       WOODSIDE ENERGY,   The rig is currently working under a
                                                         Mauritania     LTD. ("WOODSIDE")  drilling program for Woodside which
                                                                                           extends to April 2008.

ATWOOD FALCON      1998/2006    5,000 Ft.     11%        Offshore       SARAWAK SHELL      The rig is currently working under a
                                                         Malaysia       BERHAD ("SHELL")   long-term drilling commitment with Shell
                                                                                           which extends to July 2009.

4

ATWOOD SOUTHERN    1997/2006   2,000 Ft.      11%        Offshore      TOREADOR TURKEY     The rig is currently working under
CROSS                                                    Turkey        LIMITED             drilling commitments for six (6) wells
                                                                       ("TOREADOR")        plus two (2) options for Toreador and
                                                                       AND MELROSE         Melrose which could take until July 2007
                                                                       RESOURCES           to complete. Following completion of
                                                                       ("MELROSE")         these commitments, the rig has drilling
                                                                                           commitments in the Black Sea for Turkiye
                                                                                           Petrolleri A.O. and Vanco which could
                                                                                           extend to April 2008.

CANTILEVER JACK-UPS -
ATWOOD BEACON      Constructed 400 Ft.        12%        Offshore      GUJARAT STATE       The rig is currently being mobilized to
                   in 2003                               India         PETROLEUM           India to commence a twenty-five (25)
                                                                       CORPORATION LTD.    month contract for GSPC.
                                                                       ("GSPC")

VICKSBURG         1998        300 Ft.        11%        Offshore      CHEVRON OVERSEAS     The rig is currently working under a
                                                        Thailand      PETROLEUM            long-term drilling commitment for Chevron
                                                                      ("CHEVRON")          which will extend to June 2009.

ATWOOD AURORA     Under       400 Ft.         0%        N/A           N/A                  The rig is under construction in
                  Construction                                                             Brownsville,  Texas with expected
                                                                                           completion on or before September 2008.

                                       5

SUBMERSIBLE -
RICHMOND          2000/2002     70 Ft.        7%         U.S. Gulf of      HELIS OIL &     The rig is currently working for Helis
                                                         Mexico            GAS ("HELIS")   under a contract which could extend to
                                                                                           May/June 2007.

SEMISUBMERSIBLE TENDER ASSIST UNIT -
SEAHAWK           1992/1999/   600 Ft.        4%         Offshore          AMERADA HESS    The rig is currently working under a
                  2006                                   Equatorial        EQUATORIAL      two-year contractual commitment with Hess
                                                         Guinea            GUINEA, INC.    which extends to September 2008.  Hess
                                                                           ("HESS")        also has four (4) six-month options.

MODULAR PLATFORMS -
                                     MANAGEMENT CONTRACT
GOODWYN `A' and                  N/A          4%*        Australia         WOODSIDE        Both the GOODWYN `A' and NORTH RANKIN `A'
NORTH RANKIN `A'                                                                           are idle with planned breaks in drilling
                                                                                           We are currently providing rig
                                                                                           maintenance services to these rigs.

*For both units, collectively.

6

SECURITIES LITIGATION SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT

     Statements included in this report which are not historical facts
(including any statements concerning plans and objectives of management for
future operations or economic performance, or assumptions related thereto) are
"forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In addition, we and our representatives may from
to time to time make other oral or written statements which are also
forward-looking statements.

     These forward-looking statements are made based upon management's current
plans, expectations, estimates, assumptions and beliefs concerning future events
impacting us and therefore involve a number of risks and uncertainties. We
caution that forward-looking statements are not guarantees and that actual
results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in the
forward-looking statements.

     Important factors that could cause our actual results of operations or our
actual financial conditions to differ include, but are not necessarily limited
to:

   *     our dependence on the oil and gas industry;

   *     the operational risks involved in drilling for oil and gas;

   *     changes in rig utilization and dayrates in response to the level of
         activity in the oil and gas industry, which is significantly affected
         by indications and expectations regarding the level and volatility of
         oil and gas prices, which in turn are affected by such things as
         political, economic and weather conditions affecting or potentially
         affecting regional or worldwide demand for oil and gas, actions or
         anticipated actions by OPEC, inventory levels, deliverability
         constraints, and future market activity;

   *     the extent to which customers and potential customers continue to
         pursue deepwater drilling;

   *     exploration success or lack of exploration success by our customers
         and potential customers;

   *     the highly competitive and cyclical nature of our business, with
         periods of low demand and excess rig availability;

   *     the impact of the war with Iraq or other military operations,
         terrorist acts or embargoes elsewhere;

   *     our ability to enter into and the terms of future drilling contracts;

   *     the availability of qualified personnel;

   *     our failure to retain the business of one or more significant
         customers;

   *     the termination or renegotiation of contracts by customers;

   *     the availability of adequate insurance at a reasonable cost;

   *     the occurrence of an uninsured loss;

   *     the risks of international operations, including possible economic,
         political, social or monetary instability, and compliance with
         foreign laws;

   *     the effect public health concerns could have on our international
         operations and financial results;

   *     compliance with or breach of environmental laws;

   *     the incurrence of secured debt or additional unsecured indebtedness
         or other obligations by us or our subsidiaries;

                                       7

*     the adequacy of sources of liquidity;

   *     currently unknown rig repair needs and/or additional opportunities to
         accelerate planned maintenance expenditures due to presently
         unanticipated rig downtime;

   *     higher than anticipated accruals for performance-based compensation due
         to better than anticipated performance by us, higher than anticipated
         severance expenses due to unanticipated employee terminations, higher
         than anticipated legal and accounting fees due to unanticipated
         financing or other corporate transactions, and other factors that could
         increase general and administrative expenses;

   *     the actions of our competitors in the offshore drilling industry,
         which could significantly influence rig dayrates and utilization;

   *     changes in the geographic areas in which our customers plan to
         operate, which in turn could change our expected effective tax rate;

   *     changes in oil and gas drilling technology or in our competitors'
         drilling rig fleets that could make our drilling rigs less competitive
         or require major capital investments to keep them competitive;

   *     rig availability;

   *     the effects and uncertainties of legal and administrative proceedings
         and other contingencies;

   *     the impact of governmental laws and regulations and the uncertainties
         involved in their administration, particularly in some foreign
         jurisdictions;

   *     changes in accepted interpretations of accounting guidelines and
         other accounting pronouncements and tax
         laws;

   *     the risks involved in the construction, upgrade, and repair of our
         drilling units; and

   *     such other factors as may be discussed in our reports filed with the
         Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC.

These factors are not necessarily all of the important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our
forward-looking statements. Other unknown or unpredictable factors could also
have material adverse effects on future results. The words "believe," "impact,"
"intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "plan" and similar expressions identify
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at
various places throughout this report. When considering any forward-looking
statement, you should also keep in mind the risk factors described in our Form
10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006, particularly in Item 1A Risk
Factors, to which this Annual Report is an exhibit, and in other reports or
filings we make with the SEC from time to time. Undue reliance should not be
placed on these forward-looking statements, which are applicable only on the
date hereof. Neither we nor our representatives have a general obligation to
revise or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or
circumstances that arise after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events.

8

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OUTLOOK

Revenues, operating cash flows and net income for fiscal year 2006 were the
highest in our thirty-nine year history. All of our eight drilling units have
contractual dayrate commitments that are the highest in their respective
histories. Currently, we have approximately 95% and 80% of our available rig
days contracted for fiscal years 2007 and 2008, respectively. A comparison of
the average per day revenues for fiscal years 2006 and 2005 for each of our
eight drilling units to their highest currently contracted dayrate commitment is
as follows:

The ATWOOD EAGLE is currently working under a contractual commitment
offshore Australia at dayrates ranging from $150,000 to approximately $170,000
which should extend to November 2007. Following completion of this contract
commitment, the rig will drill one (1) well at a dayrate of $360,000 and then
commence a two-year contract commitment at a dayrate of $405,000 which should
extend to December 2009. The ATWOOD HUNTER is currently working offshore Africa
at dayrates ranging from $240,000 to $245,000 under a long-term contract
commitment which should extend to April 2008. The ATWOOD FALCON has a
contractual commitment offshore Malaysia at dayrates ranging from $93,000 to
$200,000 which should extend into July 2009. Under this contractual commitment,
during the period August 2006 to early November 2006 the rig incurred a $30
million water depth upgrade along with certain equipment refurbishments of which
the customer will pay $24 million of such costs along with payment of a $90,000
dayrate during this shipyard period. The $24 million will be amortized into
income on a straight-line basis over the term of the contract through July 2009.
The ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS is currently working in the Black Sea and has several
drilling commitments at dayrates ranging from $125,000 to $305,000 that should
extend through the first half of fiscal year 2008. Currently, the ATWOOD BEACON
is being relocated to India to commence a 25-month contract at dayrates ranging
from $113,000 to $133,500. The VICKSBURG has contract commitments offshore
Thailand at dayrates ranging from $94,500 to $154,000 that should extend to June
2009. The SEAHAWK is currently working offshore West Africa under a long-term
drilling program that should extend to September 2008. This drilling contract
provides for four six month options with a dayrate for the firm and option
periods of $68,430. After the first year, the stated dayrate of $68,430 will
increase based upon certain cost escalations. Our only rig in the U.S. Gulf of
Mexico, the RICHMOND, has a current contract commitment at a dayrate of $80,000
which could extend to May/June 2007. The ATWOOD AURORA, an ultra premium jack-up
to become our ninth owned offshore drilling unit upon its delivery, is under
construction at Brownsville, Texas. The construction of this rig is currently
expected to be completed on or before September 2008 at a total cost (including
capitalized interest) of $160 million.

9

The current strong market environment is not only supporting high equipment
utilization with historical high dayrate environments, but also has resulted in
a significant increase in our operating costs. Over the next few months, we
expect daily operating costs for the ATWOOD EAGLE to average between $80,000 and
$85,000. The ATWOOD HUNTER, during the time it works offshore Mauritania and
Libya, is expected to incur daily operating costs between $55,000 and $60,000;
however, costs could be higher during any relocation period or during any period
when the rig is undergoing required inspections. The ATWOOD HUNTER is expected
to be off dayrate for ten to fourteen days in December 2006 for required
regulatory inspections and maintenance. Operating costs during this period could
average between $60,000 and $65,000 per day. We expect that the ATWOOD FALCON
will incur average daily operating costs between $45,000 and $50,000 while
working offshore Malaysia; however, costs will be significantly higher during
the first quarter of fiscal year 2007 ($85,000 to $95,000 per day) due to
expensing certain costs incurred during the period the rig was in the shipyard
undergoing its water depth upgrade. The ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS is also expected
to have average daily operating costs in the Black Sea between $45,000 and
$50,000; however, during the rig's relocation to the Black Sea during October
2006, operating costs were expected to average around $60,000 per day. Operating
costs for our bottom supported drilling units (ATWOOD BEACON, VICKSBURG, and
RICHMOND) should average between $30,000 and $35,000 per day. The SEAHAWK is
expected to incur operating costs between $60,000 and $65,000 per day while
working offshore Equatorial Guinea; however, these figures include an
approximate $16,000 per day amortization of certain deferred costs on a
straight-line basis over the life of the applicable drilling contract which will
be more than offset by the amortization of related deferred fees of
approximately $19,000 per day which are also recognized and earned on a
straight-line basis over the life of the contract. Operating costs will vary for
all rigs depending upon each rig's specific operating activities. For example,
cost may increase when a rig is being relocated to a new drilling location, when
a rig is undergoing required inspection or when a rig is undergoing
extraordinary maintenance or equipment replacement.

     Despite the increase in operating costs for fiscal year 2006, our operating
results significantly increased for fiscal year 2006 compared to fiscal year
2005. Although we anticipate a continuing trend for increases in operating costs
during the next fiscal year, with our backlog of contracted days providing
increasing revenue expectations, we anticipate that revenues, operating cash
flows and earnings for fiscal years 2007 and 2008 will reflect a significant
improvement over fiscal year 2006 operating results and are expected to be the
highest in our history.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Fiscal Year 2006 Versus Fiscal Year 2005

     Revenues for fiscal year 2006 increased 57% compared to the prior fiscal
year. A comparative analysis of revenues by rig for fiscal years 2006 and 2005
is as follows:

REVENUES
                                               (In millions)
                                      -----------------------------------
                                         Fiscal      Fiscal
                                          2006        2005     Variance
                                        --------    --------   ---------
ATWOOD HUNTER                            $ 62.8      $ 22.1      $ 40.7
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                      29.9        10.8        19.1
ATWOOD EAGLE                               47.0        34.6        12.4
RICHMOND                                   20.2        11.9         8.3
ATWOOD BEACON                              32.1        24.2         7.9
AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS             12.9         5.2         7.7
VICKSBURG                                  30.0        23.6         6.4
ATWOOD FALCON                              30.1        29.8         0.3
SEAHAWK                                    11.6        13.9        (2.3)
                                         ------      ------      ------
                                         $276.6      $176.1      $100.5
                                         ======      ======      ======

                                       10

The increase in fleetwide revenues is primarily attributable to the
increase in average dayrates due to improving market conditions and strong
demand for offshore drilling equipment as noted in Market Outlook. Thus, unless
otherwise noted below, the increase in revenues for each rig is due to the
increases in contractual dayrates in fiscal year 2006 compared to fiscal year
2005.

During the last quarter of fiscal year 2005, the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS was
relocated from Southeast Asia to the Mediterranean Sea with no revenues being
realized during this relocation period. This relocation resulted in earned
mobilization fees for the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS increasing from $0.8 million in
fiscal year 2005 to $8.1 million in fiscal year 2006, which, along with
increases in contracted dayrates accounts for its increase in revenues.
Increases in revenues for the ATWOOD HUNTER, ATWOOD EAGLE, VICKSBURG, ATWOOD
BEACON, ATWOOD FALCON and the RICHMOND were related to each of these drilling
units working under higher dayrate contracts in fiscal year 2006 compared to
fiscal year 2005. The increase in revenues from the AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT
CONTRACTS was due to one of these managed rigs returning to active drilling. The
decline in revenues for the SEAHAWK was due to the unit being upgraded in fiscal
year 2006, with no revenues being realized during this upgrade period.

Contract drilling costs for fiscal year 2006 increased 40% compared to the
prior fiscal year. A comparative analysis of contract drilling costs by rig for
fiscal years 2006 and 2005 is as follows:

CONTRACT DRILLING
                                                       COSTS
                                                     (In millions)
                                       ------------------------------------
                                            Fiscal      Fiscal
                                             2006        2005      Variance
                                           -------      -------    --------
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                       $ 24.2       $ 9.1      $ 15.1
ATWOOD HUNTER                                 18.8        11.9         6.9
AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS                10.8         4.7         6.1
ATWOOD EAGLE                                  26.8        21.9         4.9
VICKSBURG                                     11.9         8.8         3.1
ATWOOD BEACON                                 10.4         8.5         1.9
ATWOOD FALCON                                 16.5        14.6         1.9
RICHMOND                                      10.4         8.9         1.5
SEAHAWK                                        8.4         9.9        (1.5)
OTHER                                          6.2         4.5         1.7
                                            ------      ------      ------
                                            $144.4      $102.8      $ 41.6
                                            ======      ======      ======

The increase in fleetwide drilling costs was primarily attributable to four
areas: rising personnel costs due to wage increases, increased repairs and
maintenance expenses and freight costs due to the amount and timing of various
repairs and maintenance projects and equipment enhancements and rising insurance
costs due to increased premiums. Thus, unless otherwise noted below, the
increase in drilling costs for each rig is primarily due to the four areas
mentioned above.

                                       11

Besides the four areas discussed above, the increase in drilling costs for
the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS is also due to $8.6 million of mobilization expense
amortization during the fiscal year 2006, compared to $0.8 million of deferred
mobilization expense during fiscal year 2005 as the rig relocated from Southeast
Asia to the Mediterranean during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2005. The
increase in drilling costs for the ATWOOD HUNTER also includes higher agent
commissions due to increased revenues when compared to the prior fiscal year and
due to its relocation from Egypt to Mauritania where operating costs are higher.
As previously mentioned, one of our managed platform rigs in Australia commenced
a new drilling program during the current fiscal year, and thus, service
activities for our AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS for fiscal year 2006 have
increased accordingly when compared to fiscal year 2005. The decrease in
drilling costs for the SEAHAWK is due to $4.0 million of deferred mobilization
costs for fiscal year 2006 due to the relocation of the rig from Southeast Asia
to West Africa compared to no deferred mobilization costs in the prior fiscal
year. Other drilling costs for fiscal year 2006 have increased primarily due to
the recording of stock option compensation expense (resulting from adoption of
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment",
or SFAS 123(R) on October 1, 2005) for field personnel.

Depreciation expense for fiscal year 2006 decreased 1% as compared to the
prior fiscal year. A comparative analysis of depreciation expense by rig for
fiscal years 2006 and 2005 is as follows:

                                       DEPRECIATION EXPENSE
                                            (In millions)
                                    -------------------------------
                                    Fiscal      Fiscal
                                     2006        2005     Variance
                                    ------      ------    --------
SEAHAWK                              $ 1.6      $ 0.5       $ 1.1
ATWOOD HUNTER                          5.4        5.3         0.1
VICKSBURG                              2.8        2.7         0.1
ATWOOD BEACON                          5.3        5.2         0.1
RICHMOND                               0.9        0.9           -
ATWOOD FALCON                          2.8        2.8           -
ATWOOD EAGLE                           4.6        4.7        (0.1)
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                  2.9        4.5        (1.6)
OTHER                                  0.1        0.1           -
                                     -----      -----       -----
                                     $26.4      $26.7       $(0.3)
                                     =====      =====       =====

The increase in depreciation expense for the SEAHAWK was due to the
completion of a $16 million life enhancing upgrade during the fourth quarter
of the current fiscal year. During the first quarter of the current fiscal year,
the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS underwent a life enhancing upgrade whereby the useful
life of the rig was extended from approximately two to five years. Depreciation
expense for our other units was relatively unchanged in fiscal year 2006 as
compared to fiscal year 2005.

     In October 2005, we sold our semisubmersible hull, SEASCOUT, for $10
million (net after certain expenses) and our spare 15,000 P.S.I. BOP Stack for
approximately $15 million. For the 2006 fiscal year period, gains on the sales
of these two assets and other excess equipment totaled approximately $10.5
million in the aggregate. We had no operations or revenues associated with these
assets prior to their sale.

     General and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2006 have increased 45%
compared to the prior fiscal year due primarily to the following: $3.7 million
of stock option compensation expense (resulting from adoption of SFAS 123(R) on
October 1, 2005), a $1.5 million increase in professional fees primarily related
to higher Sarbanes-Oxley compliance costs, and a $0.6 million increase in annual
bonus compensation. Interest expense has decreased primarily due to the
reduction of our outstanding debt while interest income has increased when
compared to the prior fiscal year due to higher interest rates earned on higher
cash balances.

     Virtually all of our tax provision for fiscal year 2006 relates to taxes in
foreign jurisdictions. As a result of working in foreign jurisdictions, we
earned a high level of operating income in certain nontaxable and deemed profit
tax jurisdictions which significantly reduced our effective tax rate for the
current fiscal year when compared to the United States statutory rate. In
addition, we reversed a $1.8 million tax contingent liability due to the

                                       12

expiration of the statute of limitations in a foreign jurisdiction. Also, we
were advised by a foreign tax authority that it had approved acceptance of
certain amended prior year tax returns. The acceptance of these amended tax
returns, along with the fiscal year 2005 tax return in this foreign
jurisdiction, resulted in the recognition of a $4.6 million tax benefit in the
third quarter. Including the two previously mentioned discrete items, which
reduced our rate by 7%, our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2006 was
approximately 6%.

     Excluding any discrete items that may occur, we expect our effective tax
rate to be approximately 15-20% for fiscal year 2007 due to increased earnings
in foreign jurisdictions with high statutory tax rates.

 Fiscal Year 2005 Versus Fiscal Year 2004

     Revenues for fiscal year 2005 increased 8% compared to the fiscal year
2004. A comparative analysis of revenues by rig for fiscal years 2005 and 2004
is as follows:

                                                   REVENUES
                                                 (In millions)
                                       -----------------------------------
                                           Fiscal      Fiscal
                                            2005        2004      Variance
                                          -------     --------    --------
ATWOOD EAGLE                              $ 34.6      $ 30.4        $ 4.2
ATWOOD FALCON                               29.8        26.0          3.8
ATWOOD BEACON                               24.2        20.7          3.5
AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS               5.2         2.0          3.2
ATWOOD HUNTER                               22.1        19.4          2.7
RICHMOND                                    11.9         9.6          2.3
VICKSBURG                                   23.6        24.3         (0.7)
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                       10.8        12.5         (1.7)
SEAHAWK                                     13.9        18.6         (4.7)
                                          ------      ------       ------
                                          $176.1      $163.5       $ 12.6
                                          ======      ======       ======

During fiscal year 2005, the ATWOOD EAGLE was fully utilized at dayrates
ranging from $89,000 to $109,000 compared to approximately 90% utilization at
the same dayrates during fiscal year 2004. The increase in revenues for the
ATWOOD FALCON was due to the rig being fully utilized during fiscal year 2005 at
an average dayrate of $82,000 compared to 90% utilization at an average dayrate
of $78,000 during fiscal year 2004. The ATWOOD BEACON had average per day
revenues during fiscal year 2005 of $66,000 (which includes 100 days of business
interruption proceeds) compared to average per day revenues during fiscal year
2004 of $62,000 (which includes 35 days of business interruption proceeds and 30
days of zero rate downtime immediately following its July 2004 incident which
damaged its legs and derrick). Refer to Note 4 to the consolidated financial
statements for further discussion of the Atwood Beacon incident. Since the end
of fiscal year 2001, there has been a planned break in drilling activities on
the GOODWYN `A' and NORTH RANKIN `A' platform rigs during which we have provided
a limited amount of maintenance services to these platform rigs. However, during
fiscal year 2005, service activities for NORTH RANKIN `A' increased due to a
planned drilling program to commence during fiscal year 2006. The ATWOOD HUNTER
was fully utilized during fiscal year 2005 at an average dayrate of $61,000
compared to 95% utilization during fiscal year 2004 at an average dayrate of
$55,000. The increase in revenue for the RICHMOND was due to an increase in the
average dayrate from $26,000 during fiscal year 2004 to $33,000 during fiscal
year 2005. Revenues for the VICKSBURG were relatively consistent for fiscal
years 2004 and 2005 while revenues for the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS declined due to
a decrease in the amount of earned mobilization revenue from $4.1 million in
fiscal year 2004 to $0.8 million in fiscal year 2005 as the rig relocated twice
during fiscal year 2004 and only once during fiscal year 2005. This decrease was
partially offset by an increase in dayrates ranging from $35,000 to $40,000
during fiscal year 2005 compared to $30,000 to $35,000 during fiscal year 2004.
The SEAHAWK was fully utilized during the fiscal year 2004 at an average dayrate
of $50,000 compared to 85% utilization during fiscal year 2005 at an average
dayrate of $45,000.

13

Contract drilling costs for fiscal year 2005 increased 4% compared to
fiscal year 2004. A comparative analysis of contract drilling costs by rig for
fiscal years 2005 and 2004 is as follows:

                                              CONTRACT DRILLING
                                                     COSTS
                                                (In millions)
                                         -----------------------------------
                                             Fiscal     Fiscal
                                              2005       2004       Variance
                                            -------     -------     --------
AUSTRALIA MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS                $ 4.7       $ 2.1       $ 2.6
ATWOOD EAGLE                                   21.9        20.7         1.2
RICHMOND                                        8.9         7.9         1.0
SEAHAWK                                         9.9         9.0         0.9
VICKSBURG                                       8.8         8.3         0.5
ATWOOD HUNTER                                  11.9        12.0        (0.1)
ATWOOD FALCON                                  14.6        15.1        (0.5)
ATWOOD BEACON                                   8.5        10.2        (1.7)
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                           9.1        12.3        (3.2)
OTHER                                           4.5         1.3         3.2
                                             ------      ------       -----
                                             $102.8      $ 98.9       $ 3.9
                                             ======      ======       =====

With the increase in service activities for NORTH RANKIN `A' during fiscal
year 2005 due to a planned drilling program to commence during fiscal year 2006,
drilling costs as well as revenues increased from our management of this
platform rig. The increase in drilling costs for the ATWOOD EAGLE was due to
higher labor costs due to local operating requirements offshore Australia, its
location for all of the fiscal year 2005. The increase in drilling costs for the
RICHMOND and SEAHAWK were primarily due to higher repair and maintenance
expenses incurred on the rigs during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2005
compared to the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004. Drilling costs for the
VICKSBURG, ATWOOD HUNTER, and ATWOOD FALCON remained relatively consistent for
fiscal year 2005 compared to fiscal year 2004. The decline in drilling costs for
the ATWOOD BEACON was due to a decrease in repair and maintenance expenses
primarily resulting from the recording of a $1.0 million insurance deductible
during fiscal year 2004 related to damage incurred during the rig's July 2004
incident. During most of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2005, the ATWOOD
SOUTHERN CROSS was being mobilized from Southeast Asia to the Mediterranean.
Virtually all costs incurred during a mobilization period are deferred and
amortized as an expense over the term of the new contract. Having deferred
mobilization costs at the end of fiscal year 2005 compared to having no such
deferred costs at the end of fiscal year 2004 accounts for its decline in
drilling costs. The increase of other drilling costs during fiscal year 2005 was
due to a $1.0 million reduction in the amount of insurance premium refunds
received during fiscal year 2005 when compared to fiscal year 2004 and also due
to fiscal year 2004 including the settlement of a dispute with a client which
resulted in a reduction of operation costs of $0.6 million along with various
other increases of non-drilling unit specific costs.

14

Depreciation expense for fiscal year 2005 decreased 16% as compared to
fiscal year 2004. A comparative analysis of depreciation expense by rig for
fiscal years 2005 and 2004 is as follows:

                                             DEPRECIATION EXPENSE
                                                (In millions)
                                      --------------------------------
                                      Fiscal      Fiscal
                                       2005        2004      Variance
                                      -------     -------    --------
ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS                  $ 4.5       $ 4.2      $ 0.3
VICKSBURG                                2.7         2.6        0.1
ATWOOD FALCON                            2.8         2.7        0.1
ATWOOD BEACON                            5.2         5.2          -
RICHMOND                                 0.9         0.9          -
ATWOOD EAGLE                             4.7         4.8       (0.1)
ATWOOD HUNTER                            5.3         5.4       (0.1)
SEAHAWK                                  0.5         5.1       (4.6)
OTHER                                    0.1         0.7       (0.6)
                                       -----       -----      -----
                                       $26.7       $31.6      $(4.9)
                                       =====       =====      =====

Effective October 1, 2004, we extended the remaining depreciable life of
the SEAHAWK from 2 months to 5 years. The depreciable life of this rig was
extended based upon entry into a contract that extended the rig's commercial
viability for up to 5 years, coupled with our intent to continue marketing and
operating the rig beyond 2 months. The decrease in other depreciation is due to
certain non-rig assets becoming fully depreciated during the last quarter of
fiscal year 2004 and the first quarter of fiscal year 2005. Depreciation expense
for our other units was relatively unchanged in fiscal year 2005 as compared to
fiscal year 2004.

General and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2005 increased 25%
compared to fiscal year 2004 due to significantly increased professional fees
primarily resulting from compliance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and
due to $0.7 million of bonuses paid during fiscal year 2005, compared with no
bonus payments during fiscal year 2004. Although the level of our outstanding
debt has been reduced significantly from fiscal year 2004, the reduction of
interest expense was partially offset by rising interest rates during fiscal
year 2005. Interest income has increased when compared to fiscal year 2004 due
to higher interest rates earned on cash balances and interest income earned on
income tax refunds.

Virtually all of our tax provision for fiscal years 2005 and 2004 related
to taxes in foreign jurisdictions, with fiscal year 2005 also impacted by a $3.3
million United States tax benefit recognized. During fiscal year 2005 our
provision was also offset by two other foreign discrete items. During the first
quarter of fiscal year 2005, we received a $1.7 million tax refund in Malaysia
related to a previously reserved tax receivable. In addition, a $1.0 million
deferred tax benefit was recognized in June 2005 due to the filing and
subsequent acceptance by the local tax authority, of amended prior year tax
returns. On December 1, 2005, we received notification from the United States
Department of Treasury that a previously reserved United States income tax
refund we had been pursuing for over two years had been approved for payment.
Based upon this approval, we reduced our income tax provision by the refund
amount of $3.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2005. Furthermore,
during fiscal year 2005, operating income earned in certain nontaxable and
deemed profit tax jurisdictions was higher when compared to fiscal year 2004,
including business interruption proceeds earned by the ATWOOD BEACON in a zero
tax jurisdiction for approximately three and a half months, which contributed to
our lower effective tax rate. As a result of these items, our effective tax rate
for fiscal year 2005 was significantly less when compared to fiscal year 2004
and the United States statutory rate.

15

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Since we operate in a very cyclical industry, maintaining high equipment
utilization in up, as well as down, cycles is a key factor in generating cash to
satisfy current and future obligations. For fiscal years 2001 through 2005, net
cash provided by operating activities ranged from a low of approximately $13.7
million in fiscal year 2003 to a high of approximately $62.3 million in fiscal
year 2001 compared to net cash provided by operating activities of approximately
$85.5 million for fiscal year 2006. Our operating cash flows are primarily
driven by our operating income, which reflects dayrates and rig utilization. The
low level of net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2003 was
due to a downturn in market conditions during which we pursued short-term
contract opportunities in high operating cost areas in order to maintain high
utilization of our fleet. Operating results in fiscal years 2004, 2005 and 2006
reflected continuing improvements in market conditions which enabled us to have
higher cash flows and earnings in these years compared to fiscal year 2003. Due
to the significant increase in future dayrate commitments at historically high
levels, we have pursued longer-term contract opportunities for some of our
drilling units. We currently have approximately 95% and 80% of our available
operating rig days committed for fiscal years 2007 and 2008, respectively. With
the current historically high dayrate commitments on all eight of our actively
owned drilling units, we anticipate significant improvement in cash flows and
earnings during fiscal years 2007 and 2008. Other than our expected capital
expenditures of $110 million to $115 million for fiscal year 2007, the only
additional cash commitment for fiscal year 2007, outside of funding current rig
operations, is our required quarterly repayments under the term portion of our
senior secured credit facility which will total $36 million for fiscal year
2007. We expect to generate more than sufficient cash flows from operations to
satisfy all of these obligations.

     In October 2004, we sold in a public offering 2,350,000 shares of our
common stock at an effective net price (before expenses) of $22.92 for net
proceeds of approximately $53.6 million. We used these proceeds and cash on hand
to repay the $55 million outstanding under the revolving portion of our credit
facility. As of September 30, 2006, we only had $54 million outstanding under
the term portion of our credit facility, with $10 million (repaid in October
2006) outstanding under the revolving portion of our credit facility. Our total
debt to capitalization ratio (debt/(debt + equity)) is 12% as of September 30,
2006. This ratio will continue to decline unless we identify an acceptable
growth opportunity. However, we will continue to explore opportunities for value
enhancing growth as they arise.

     We are in compliance with all financial covenants at September 30, 2006 and
expect to remain in compliance with all financial covenants during fiscal year
2007. Further, at all times during fiscal year 2004, 2005 and 2006 when we were
required to determine compliance with our financial covenants, we were in
compliance with those covenants. Aside from the financial covenants, no other
provisions exist in the credit facility that could result in acceleration of the
April 1, 2008 maturity date.

     At September 30, 2006, the collateral for our credit facility consists
primarily of preferred mortgages on all eight of our active drilling units (with
an aggregate net book value at September 30, 2006 totaling approximately $397
million). We are not required to maintain compensating balances; however, we are
required to pay a fee of approximately 0.60% per annum on the unused revolving
portion of our credit facility and certain other administrative costs.

     In October 2005, we sold our semisubmersible hull, SEASCOUT, for $10
million (net after certain expenses) and our spare 15,000 P.S.I. BOP Stack for
approximately $15 million. For the 2006 fiscal year period, gains on the sales
of these two assets and other excess equipment totaled approximately $10.5
million in the aggregate. The approximate $26 million in cash received from the
sales of excess equipment, plus borrowings under the revolving portion of our
credit facility ($10 million outstanding at September 30, 2006) along with our
operating cash flows, has allowed us to expend approximately $30 million toward
the construction of the ATWOOD AURORA, approximately $16 million on upgrading
the SEAHAWK, approximately $5 million in completing the ATWOOD SOUTHERN CROSS
upgrade, approximately $16 million toward the ATWOOD FALCON upgrade and
approximately $11 million in other capital expenditures during fiscal year 2006
and have cash and cash equivalents remaining on hand at September 30, 2006 of
approximately $32 million.

16

Our accounts receivable have increased by $40.4 million since September 30,
2005, primarily due to our increased rig utilization and higher dayrates. Our
portfolio of accounts receivable is comprised of major international corporate
entities with stable payment experience. Historically, we have not encountered
significant difficulty in collecting receivables and typically do not require
collateral for our receivables; however, we have a $0.8 million allowance for
doubtful accounts at September 30, 2006. The insurance receivable of $0.6
million at September 30, 2005 and September 30, 2006, relates to repairs to be
made to the ATWOOD BEACON. Final repairs on this rig were completed in November
2006, and we expect to collect the remaining $0.6 million insurance receivable
associated therewith in fiscal year 2007.

     Long-term deferred credits have increased by $22.3 million since September
30, 2005, primarily due to deferred fees associated with the current fiscal year
upgrades and mobilizations of the ATWOOD FALCON and SEAHAWK.

COMMITMENTS

     The following table summarizes our obligations and commitments (in
thousands) at September 30, 2006:

                                                                      Fiscal
                           Fiscal    Fiscal    Fiscal      Fiscal    2011 and
                            2007      2008      2009        2010    thereafter
                           ------    ------    ------      ------   ----------
Long-Term Debt (1)        $36,000   $28,000     $   -      $   -     $     -
Purchase Commitments (2)   61,854    28,282         -          -           -
Operating Leases            1,916     1,102       978        845       3,570
                          -------   -------     -----      -----     -------
                          $99,770   $57,384     $ 978      $ 845     $ 3,570
                          =======   =======     =====      =====     =======

(1)  Excluded from the above table is interest associated with borrowings
         under our credit facility because the applicable interest rate is
         variable. The principal amount outstanding under our credit facility
         included in the above table is $64 million which currently bears
         interest at a rate of approximately 7%.
    (2)  Rig construction and upgrade commitments for the ATWOOD AURORA and the
         ATWOOD FALCON, respectively.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     Significant accounting policies are included in Note 2 to our consolidated
financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2006. These policies,
along with the underlying assumptions and judgments made by management in their
application, have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
We identify our most critical accounting policies as those that are the most
pervasive and important to the portrayal of our financial position and results
of operations, and that require the most difficult, subjective and/or complex
judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently
uncertain. Our most critical accounting policies are those related to revenue
recognition, property and equipment, impairment of assets, income taxes, and
employee stock-based compensation.

     We account for the drilling and management contract revenue in accordance
with the terms of the underlying drilling or management contract. These
contracts generally provide that revenue is earned and recognized on a daily
rate (i.e. "dayrate") basis and dayrates are typically earned for a particular
level of service over the life of a contract. Dayrate contracts can be for a
specified period of time or the time required to drill a specified well or
number of wells. Revenues from dayrate drilling operations, which are classified
under contract drilling services, are recognized on a per day basis as the work
progresses. In addition, lump-sum fees received at commencement of the drilling
contract as compensation for the cost of relocating drilling rigs from one
major operating area to another, as well as equipment and upgrade costs
reimbursed by the customer are recognized as earned on a straight-line method
over the term of the related drilling contract, as are the dayrates associated
with such contract. However, lump-sum fees received upon termination of a
drilling contract are recognized as earned during the period termination occurs.
In addition, we defer the mobilization costs relating to moving a drilling rig
to a new area and customer requested equipment purchases that will revert to the
customer at the end of the applicable drilling contract. We amortize such costs
on a straight-line basis over the life of the applicable drilling contract.

17

We currently operate eight active offshore drilling units. These assets are
premium equipment and should provide many years of quality service. At September
30, 2006, the carrying value of our property and equipment totaled $436.2
million, which represents 73% of our total assets. This carrying value reflects
the application of our property and equipment accounting policies, which
incorporate estimates, assumptions and judgments by management relative to the
useful lives and salvage values of our units. Once a rig is placed in service,
it is depreciated on the straight-line method over its estimated useful life,
with depreciation discontinued only during the period when a drilling unit is
out of service while undergoing a significant upgrade that extends its useful
life. The estimated useful lives of our drilling units and related equipment
range from 3 years to 25 years and our salvage values are generally based on 5%
of capitalized costs. Any future increases in our estimates of useful lives or
salvage values will have the effect of decreasing future depreciation expense in
future years and spreading the expense to later years. Any future decreases in
our useful lives or salvage values will have the effect of accelerating future
depreciation expense.

     We evaluate the carrying value of our property and equipment when events or
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may be
impaired. Asset impairment evaluations are, by nature, highly subjective.
Operations of our drilling equipment are subject to the offshore drilling
requirements of oil and gas exploration and production companies and agencies of
foreign governments. These requirements are, in turn, subject to fluctuations in
government policies, world demand and price for petroleum products, proved
reserves in relation to such demand and the extent to which such demand can be
met from onshore sources. The critical estimates which result from these
dynamics include projected utilization, dayrates, and operating expenses, each
of which impact our estimated future cash flows. Over the last ten years, our
equipment utilization rate has averaged approximately 90%; however, if a
drilling unit incurs significant idle time or receives dayrates below operating
costs, its carrying value could become impaired. The estimates, assumptions and
judgments used by management in the application of our property and equipment
and asset impairment policies reflect both historical experience and
expectations regarding future industry conditions and operations. The use of
different estimates, assumptions and judgments, especially those involving the
useful lives of our rigs and vessels and expectations regarding future industry
conditions and operations, would likely result in materially different carrying
values of assets and results of operations.

     We conduct operations and earn income in numerous foreign countries and are
subject to the laws of taxing jurisdictions within those countries, as well as
United States federal and state tax laws. At September 30, 2006, we have a $16.0
million net deferred income tax liability. This balance reflects the application
of our income tax accounting policies in accordance with statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes". Such accounting
policies incorporate estimates, assumptions and judgments by management relative
to the interpretation of applicable tax laws, the application of accounting
standards, and future levels of taxable income. The estimates, assumptions and
judgments used by management in connection with accounting for income taxes
reflect both historical experience and expectations regarding future industry
conditions and operations. Changes in these estimates, assumptions and judgments
could result in materially different provisions for deferred and current income
taxes.

     Effective October 1, 2005, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment", or SFAS 123(R), using the modified
prospective application transition method. Under this method, stock-based
compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair
value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). In addition,
stock-based compensation cost recognized includes compensation cost for unvested
stock-based awards as of October 1, 2005. Prior to October 1, 2005, we accounted
for share-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees", or APB No. 25. No
share-based employee compensation cost has been reflected in net income prior to
October 1, 2005. Before that date, we reported the entire tax benefit related to
the exercise of stock options as an operating cash flow. SFAS 123(R) requires us
to report the tax benefit from the tax deduction that is in excess of recognized
compensation costs (excess tax benefits) as a financing cash flow rather than as
an operating cash flow. The cumulative effect of the change in accounting
principle from APB No. 25 to FAS 123(R) was not material.

18

RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes - an Interpretation of FASB Statement 109." FIN 48 prescribes a
comprehensive model for recognizing, measuring, presenting, and disclosing
uncertain tax positions within the financial statements. The provisions of FIN
48 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. We are
currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of FIN 48 on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

     In September 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements",
or SFAS No. 157, which defines fair value, establishes methods used to measure
fair value and expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements.
SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal year
beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal
periods. We are currently analyzing the provisions of SFAS No. 157 and
determining how it will affect accounting policies and procedures, but we have
not yet made a determination of the impact the adoption will have on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

     In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,
"Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements", or SAB 108, which provides
guidance on the consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in
quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality
assessment. SAB 108 requires that the materiality of the effect of a misstated
amount be evaluated on each financial statement and the related financial
statement disclosures, and that materiality evaluation be based on quantitative
and qualitative factors. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2006. We do not believe this guidance will have a material impact
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

     We are exposed to market risk, including adverse changes in interest rates
and foreign currency exchange rates as discussed below.

     Interest Rate Risk

     All of the $64 million of long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2006,
was floating rate debt. As a result, our annual interest costs in fiscal year
2006 will fluctuate based on interest rate changes. Because the interest rate on
our long-term debt is a floating rate and due to our debt maturing in 2008, the
fair value of our long-term debt approximated carrying value as of September 30,
2006. The impact on annual cash flow of a 10% change in the floating rate
(approximately 70 basis points) would be approximately $0.4 million, which we
believe to be immaterial. We did not have any open derivative contracts relating
to our floating rate debt at September 30, 2006.

     Foreign Currency Risk

     Certain of our subsidiaries have monetary assets and liabilities that are
denominated in a currency other than their functional currencies. Based on
September 30, 2006 amounts, a decrease in the value of 10% in the foreign
currencies relative to the United States dollar from the year-end exchange rates
would result in a foreign currency transaction gain of approximately $0.2
million. Thus, we consider our current risk exposure to foreign currency
exchange rate movements, based on net cash flows, to be immaterial. We did not
have any open derivative contracts relating to foreign currencies at September
30, 2006.

19

MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

     Company management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and
15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our internal control over
financial reporting was designed by management, under the supervision of the
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States, and includes those policies
and procedures that:

     (i)          pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
                  detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and
                  dispositions of the assets of the Company;
     (ii)         provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
                  necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
                  accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
                  the United States, and that receipts and expenditures of the
                  Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
                  of management and directors of the Company; and
     (iii)        provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
                  detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of
                  the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the
                  financial statements.

     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate.

     Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006. In making this assessment,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework.

     Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective
internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006.
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm,
has audited our assessment of the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, as stated in their
report which appears on the following page.

ATWOOD OCEANICS, INC.

by

/s/ John R. Irwin                               /s/ James M. Holland
John R. Irwin                                   James M. Holland
Director, President                             Senior Vice President and
and Chief Executive Officer                     Chief Financial Officer

December 12, 2006

20

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

The Board of Directors and Shareholders of Atwood Oceanics, Inc.

     We have completed integrated audits of Atwood Oceanics, Inc.'s 2006 and
2005 consolidated financial statements and of its internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 and an audit of its 2004
consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our opinions, based on our
audits, are presented below.

Consolidated financial statements

     In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the
related consolidated statements of operations, of cash flows and of changes in
shareholders' equity present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of the Company at September 30, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
September 30, 2006 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our
audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit of financial
statements includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

     As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, in 2006
the Company changed its method of accounting for share-based compensation as a
result of adopting the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment."

Internal control over financial reporting

     Also, in our opinion, management's assessment, included in the accompanying
Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, which appears
on the preceding page, that the Company maintained effective internal control
over financial reporting as of September 30, 2006 based on criteria established
in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of September 30, 2006, based on criteria established in
Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. The Company's
management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over
financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on
management's assessment and on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting based on our audit. We conducted our audit of
internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in
all material respects. An audit of internal control over financial reporting
includes obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, evaluating management's assessment, testing and evaluating the design
and operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

                                       21

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or
timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the
company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

     Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Houston, Texas
December 12, 2006

22

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

(1)  Fiscal year 2005 balances have been restated to reflect a two-for-one
     stock split effected on March 2, 2006. See Note 7 for further discussion.

                                       23

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

(1)  Fiscal years 2005 and 2004 have been restated to reflect a two-for-one
     stock split effected on March 2, 2006. See Note 7 for further discussion.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements.

                                       25

26

Atwood Oceanics, Inc. and Subsidiaries
                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 - NATURE OF OPERATIONS

     Atwood Oceanics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries (collectively
referred to herein as "we," "our" or the "Company"), is engaged in offshore
drilling and completion of exploratory and developmental oil and gas wells and
related support, management and consulting services principally in international
locations. Presently, we own and operate a premium, modern fleet of eight mobile
offshore drilling units and manage the operations of two operator-owned platform
drilling units located in Northwest Australia. Currently, we are involved in
active operations in the territorial waters of Australia, Malaysia, Thailand,
India, Turkey, Mauritania, Equatorial Guinea and the United States.

NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Atwood
Oceanics, Inc. and all of its domestic and foreign subsidiaries. All significant
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Cash and cash equivalents

     Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash in banks and highly liquid debt
instruments, which mature within three months of the date of purchase.

Foreign exchange

     The United States dollar is the functional currency for all areas of our
operations. Accordingly, monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
currency are converted to United States dollars at the rate of exchange in
effect at the end of the fiscal year, items of income and expense are remeasured
at average monthly rates, and property and equipment and other nonmonetary
amounts are remeasured at historical rates. Gains and losses on foreign currency
transactions and remeasurements are included in contract drilling costs in our
consolidated statements of operations. We recorded a foreign exchange loss of
$0.1 million during fiscal year 2006, a foreign exchange gain of $0.1 million
during fiscal year 2005, and no foreign exchange gain or loss during fiscal year
2004.

Accounts Receivable

     We record trade accounts receivable at the amount we invoice our customers.
These accounts do not bear interest. Our portfolio of accounts receivable is
comprised of major international corporate entities and government organizations
with stable payment experience. Historically, our uncollectible accounts
receivable have been immaterial, and typically, we do not require collateral for
our receivables. We provide an allowance for uncollectible accounts, as
necessary, on a specific identification basis. We had an allowance for doubtful
accounts of $0.8 million and $0.2 million, as of September 30, 2006 and 2005,
respectively.

Insurance receivable

     We had an insurance receivable of $0.6 million as of September 30, 2006 and
2005, related to a claim filed as a result of damage sustained by the ATWOOD
BEACON in July 2004 while positioning for a well offshore Indonesia. We expect
to collect the remaining receivable during fiscal year 2007. See Note 4 for
further discussion regarding the ATWOOD BEACON incident.

Inventories of Material and Supplies

     Inventories consist of spare parts, material and supplies held for
consumption and are stated principally at the lower of average cost or market,
net of reserves for excess and obsolete inventory of $1.3 million and $1.8
million at September 30, 2006 and 2005, respectively.

27

Income taxes

     We account for income taxes in accordance with Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes." Under SFAS
No. 109, deferred income taxes are recorded to reflect the tax consequences on
future years of differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and
their financial reporting amounts at each year-end given the provisions of
enacted tax laws in each respective jurisdiction. Deferred tax assets are
reduced by a valuation allowance when, based upon management's estimates, it is
more likely than not that a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be
realized in a future period.

Property and equipment

     Property and equipment are recorded at cost. Interest costs related to
property under construction are capitalized as a component of construction
costs. Interest capitalized during fiscal 2006 was $1.6 million. We had no
capitalized interest during fiscal years 2005 or 2004.

     Once a rig is placed in service, it is depreciated on the straight-line
method over its estimated useful life, with depreciation discontinued only
during the period when a drilling unit is out of service while undergoing a
significant upgrade that extends its useful life. Our estimated useful lives of
our various classifications of assets are as follows:

Years

         Drilling vessels and related equipment......      5-25
         Drill pipe..................................         3
         Furniture and other.........................      3-10

     Maintenance, repairs and minor replacements are charged against income as
incurred; major replacements and upgrades are capitalized and depreciated over
the remaining useful life of the asset as determined upon completion of the
work. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold, retired or
otherwise disposed are removed from the accounts at the time of disposition, and
any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Consolidated Statements of
Operations for the applicable period.

Impairment of property and equipment

     We periodically evaluate our property and equipment to determine that their
net carrying value is not in excess of their net realizable value. These
evaluations are performed when we have sustained significant declines in
utilization and dayrates and recovery is not contemplated in the near future. We
consider a number of factors such as estimated future cash flows, appraisals and
current market value analysis in determining an asset's fair value. Assets are
written down to their fair value if the carrying amount of the asset is not
recoverable and exceeds its fair value.

Deferred drydocking costs

     We defer the costs of scheduled drydocking and charge such costs to expense
over the period to the next scheduled drydocking (normally 30 months). At
September 30, 2006 and 2005, deferred drydocking costs totaling $0.6 million and
$0.7 million, respectively, were included in Deferred Costs and Other Assets in
the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets.

Revenue recognition

     We account for drilling and management contract revenue in accordance with
the term of the underlying drilling or management contract. These contracts
generally provide that revenue is earned and recognized on a daily basis. We
provide crewed rigs to customers on a daily rate (i.e. "dayrate") basis. Dayrate
contracts can be for a specified period of time or the time required to drill a
specified well or number of wells. Revenues from dayrate drilling operations,
which are classified under contract drilling services, are recognized on a per
day basis as the work progresses. In addition, business interruption proceeds
are also recognized on a per day basis. See Note 4 for further discussion of the
ATWOOD BEACON incident.

                                       28

Deferred fees and costs

     Lump-sum fees received at commencement of the drilling contract as
compensation for the cost of relocating drilling rigs from one major operating
area to another, as well as equipment and upgrade costs reimbursed by the
customer are recognized as earned on a straight-line method over the term of
the related drilling contract, as are the dayrates associated with such
contract. However, lump-sum fees received upon termination of a drilling
contract are recognized as earned during the period termination occurs. In
addition, we defer the mobilization costs relating to moving a drilling rig to
a new area and customer requested equipment purchases that will revert to the
customer at the end of the applicable drilling contract. We amortize such costs
on a straight-line basis over the life of the applicable drilling contract.
Contract revenues and drilling costs are reported in the Statements of
Operations at their gross amounts.

     At September 30, 2006 and 2005, deferred fees associated with mobilization
as well as equipment purchases and upgrades totaled $23.7 million and $3.6
million, respectively. At September 30, 2006 and 2005 deferred costs associated
with mobilization and equipment purchases totaled $9.0 million and $7.8 million,
respectively. Deferred fees and deferred costs are classified as current or
long-term in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets based on the expected
term of the applicable drilling contracts.

Share-based compensation

     Effective October 1, 2005, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 123(R), "Share-Based Payment", or SFAS 123(R), using the modified
prospective application transition method. Under this method, stock-based
compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair
value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). In addition,
stock-based compensation cost recognized includes compensation cost for unvested
stock-based awards as of October 1, 2005. Prior to October 1, 2005, we accounted
for share-based compensation in accordance with Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. 25, "Accounting for Stock Issued to Employees", or APB No. 25. No
share-based employee compensation cost has been reflected in net income prior to
October 1, 2005. Before that date, we reported the entire tax benefit related to
the exercise of stock options as an operating cash flow. SFAS 123(R) requires us
to report the tax benefit from the tax deduction that is in excess of recognized
compensation costs (excess tax benefits) as a financing cash flow rather than as
an operating cash flow. The cumulative effect of the change in accounting
principle from APB No. 25 to SFAS 123(R) was not material. See Note 3 for
additional information.

Earnings per common share

     Basic and diluted earnings per share have been computed in accordance with
SFAS No. 128, "Earnings per Share" (EPS). "Basic" EPS excludes dilution and is
computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of common
shares outstanding for the period. "Diluted" EPS reflects the issuance of
additional shares in connection with the assumed conversion of stock options.
Under the modified prospective application transition method of SFAS 123(R), we
have included the impact of pro forma deferred tax assets in calculating the
potential windfall and shortfall tax benefits to determine the amount of diluted
shares using the treasury stock method.

                                       29

The computation of basic and diluted earnings per share under SFAS No. 128
for each of the past three fiscal years is as follows (in thousands, except per
share amounts):

The calculation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended September
30, 2006 and 2004 excludes consideration of shares of common shares which may be
issued in connection with outstanding stock options of 125,200 and 202,550,
respectively, because such options were antidilutive. These options could
potentially dilute basic EPS in the future. For the year ended September 30,
2005, there were no antidilutive options.

Use of estimates

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
extensive use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
estimates.

NOTE 3 - SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION

     Effective October 1, 2005, we adopted SFAS 123(R), using the modified
prospective application transition method. Under this method, stock-based
compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair
value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
period (generally the vesting period of the equity grant). In addition,
stock-based compensation cost recognized includes compensation cost for unvested
stock-based awards as of October 1, 2005. Prior to October 1, 2005, we accounted
for share-based compensation in accordance with APB No. 25. No share-based
employee compensation cost has been reflected in net income prior to October 1,
2005. Before that date, we reported the entire tax benefit related to the
exercise of stock options as an operating cash flow. SFAS 123(R) requires us to
report the tax benefit from the tax deduction that is in excess of recognized
compensation costs (excess tax benefits) as a financing cash flow rather than as
an operating cash flow. The cumulative effect of the change in accounting
principle from APB No. 25 to FAS 123(R) was not material.

                                       30

Under our Amended and Restated 2001 Stock Incentive Plan, or the 2001 Plan,
up to 2,000,000 shares of common stock may be issued to eligible participants in
the form of restricted stock awards or upon exercise of stock options granted
pursuant to the 2001 Plan. Awards of restricted stock and grants of stock
options may be made under the 2001 Plan through September 5, 2011. We also have
another stock incentive plan, the 1996 Plan, under which there are outstanding
stock options. However, no additional options or restricted stock will be
awarded under the 1996 plan.

     A summary of share and stock option data for our two stock incentive plans
as of September 30, 2006 is as follows:

                                                      2001           1996
                                                      Plan           Plan
                                                     -------       --------

Shares available for future awards or grants         755,049        102,000
Outstanding stock option grants                      969,200        467,750
Outstanding unvested restricted stock awards          92,600              -

Awards of restricted stock and stock options have both been granted under
our stock incentive plans as of September 30, 2006. We deliver newly issued
shares of common stock for restricted stock awards upon vesting and upon
exercise of stock options. All stock incentive plans currently in effect have
been approved by the shareholders of our outstanding common stock.

     For the year ended September 30, 2006, the impact of adopting SFAS 123(R)
had no effect on our cash flows, however, but did have the following effect on
our consolidated statements of operations (in thousands, except per share
amounts):

     Increase in contract drilling expenses               $  840
     Increase in general and administrative expenses       3,728
     Decrease in income tax provision                     (1,305)
                                                          ------
     Decrease in net income                                3,263
                                                          ======

     Decrease in earnings per share:
          Basic                                           $ 0.11
          Diluted                                         $ 0.10

We recognize compensation expense on grants of share-based compensation
awards on a straight-line basis over the required service period for each award.
As of September 30, 2006, unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated
forfeitures, related to stock options and restricted stock awards was
approximately $4.6 million and $2.7 million, respectively, which we expect to
recognize over a weighted average period of approximately 2.4 years.

Stock Options

     Under our stock incentive plans, the exercise price of each stock option
equals the fair market value of one share of our common stock on the date of
grant, with all outstanding options having a maximum term of 10 years. Options
vest ratably over a period from the end of the first to the fourth year from the
date of grant under the 2001 Plan and from the end of the second to the fifth
year from the date of grant under the 1996 Plan. Each option is for the purchase
of one share of our common stock.

31

The total fair value of stock options vested during years ended September
30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $3.2 million, $2.9 million and $2.2 million,
respectively. The per share weighted average fair value of stock options granted
during years ended September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was $17.87, $10.22 and
$7.08, respectively. We estimated the fair value of each stock option on the
date of grant using the Black-Scholes pricing model and the following
assumptions:

                                   Fiscal    Fiscal     Fiscal
                                    2006      2005       2004
                                   ------    ------     -----
     Risk-Free Interest Rate        4.50%     4.27%      4.38%
     Expected Volatility           41.62%    35.00%     50.00%
     Expected Life (Years)             6         6          6
     Dividend Yield                 None      None       None

The average risk-free interest rate is based on the five-year United States
treasury security rate in effect as of the grant date. We determined expected
volatility using a two to six year historical volatility figure and determined
the expected term of the stock options using 15 years of historical data. The
expected dividend yield is based on the expected annual dividend as a percentage
of the market value of our common stock as of the grant date.

     A summary of stock option activity for years ended September 30, 2004, 2005
and 2006 is as follows:

32

Restricted Stock

     We have also awarded restricted stock to certain employees and to our
non-employee directors. The awards of restricted stock to employees are subject
to three year vesting, and all restricted stock awards to date are restricted
from transfer for three years form the date of grant. Pursuant to the amendments
to our 2001 Plan approved by our shareholders on February 9, 2006, and as
discussed in our definitive proxy statement sent to our shareholders relating to
our annual shareholders meeting and filed with the SEC on January 13, 2006, our
non-employee directors have been granted stock awards vesting immediately
totaling an aggregate of 5,151 shares of our common stock as of September 30,
2006. We value restricted stock awards at fair market value of our common stock
on the date of grant.

     A summary of restricted stock activity for the year ended September 30,
2006, is as follows:

                                            Number of   Wtd. Avg.
                                            Shares     Fair Value
                                            ---------  ----------
Unvested at October 1, 2005                       -
Granted                                      102,151      $ 38.46
Vested                                        (5,151)     $ 46.57
Forfeited                                     (4,400)     $ 37.15
                                             -------
Unvested at September 30, 2006                92,600      $ 38.07
                                             =======

Prior Year Pro Forma Expense

     The following table illustrates the effect on net income and earnings per
share as if the fair value-based method provided by SFAS 123(R) had been applied
for all outstanding and unvested awards for periods prior to our adoption of
SFAS 123(R) as of October 1, 2005 (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                    Fiscal      Fiscal
                                                     2005        2004
                                                    -------     ------

Net income, as reported                           $ 26,011     $ 7,587
Deduct:  Total stock-based
              employee compensation
              expense determined under fair
              value based method for all
              awards, net of related tax effects    (1,671)     (2,517)
                                                  --------     -------
Pro Forma, net income                             $ 24,340     $ 5,070
                                                  ========     =======
Earnings per share:
Basic - as reported                               $   0.86     $  0.27
Basic - pro forma                                 $   0.80     $  0.18
Diluted - as reported                             $   0.83     $  0.27
Diluted - pro forma                               $   0.78     $  0.18

33

NOTE 4 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

     A summary of property and equipment by classification is as follows (in
thousands):
                                                 September 30,
                                            -------------------------
                                                2006          2005
                                              -------        -------
Drilling vessels and related equipment
              Cost                          $ 691,289     $ 624,118
              Accumulated depreciation       (261,682)     (236,736)
                                            ---------     ---------
                          Net book value      429,607       387,382
                                            ---------     ---------

Drill Pipe
              Cost                             13,271        10,742
              Accumulated depreciation         (8,257)       (8,407)
                                            ---------     ---------
                          Net book value        5,014         2,335
                                            ---------     ---------

Furniture and other
              Cost                              7,920         7,395
              Accumulated depreciation         (6,375)       (6,334)
                                            ---------     ---------
                          Net book value        1,545         1,061
                                            ---------     -------

NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT                  $ 436,166     $ 390,778
                                            =========     =========

ATWOOD BEACON -

     The ATWOOD BEACON incurred damage to all three legs and its derrick while
positioning for a well offshore of Indonesia in July 2004. The rig and its
damaged legs were transported to the builder's shipyard in Singapore for
inspections and repairs. We had loss of hire insurance coverage of $70,000 per
day up to 180 days, which began after a 30-day waiting period commencing July
28, 2004. Revenue recognized from this insurance coverage totaled approximately
$2.4 million in fiscal year 2004 and $7.7 million in fiscal year 2005 and is
reflected as business interruption proceeds on the Consolidated Statement of
Operations.

     As of September 30, 2006 and 2005, all costs incurred to date and business
interruption proceeds earned related to this incident had been reimbursed by the
insurance carrier. During November 2006, we completed the remaining work to
repair the rig, and we expect to collect the remaining $0.6 million insurance
receivable associated therewith in fiscal year 2007.

NOTE 5 - LONG-TERM DEBT

     A summary of long-term debt is as follows (in thousands):

34

Our $250 million senior secured credit facility consists of a 5-year $150
million amortizing term loan facility and a 5-year $100 million non-amortizing
revolving loan facility. The term portion of our credit facility requires
quarterly payments of $9 million until maturity on April 1, 2008. The credit
facility permits prepayment of principal at anytime without incurring a penalty.
At September 30, 2005, we had $90 million outstanding under the term portion of
our credit facility and none outstanding under the revolving portion of our
credit facility while at September 30, 2006, we had $54 million outstanding
under the term portion of our credit facility and $10 million outstanding under
the revolving portion of our credit facility. The collateral at September 30,
2006 for the Credit Facility consists primarily of preferred mortgages on all
eight of our active drilling units (with an aggregate net book value at
September 30, 2006 totaling approximately $397 million). We are not required to
maintain compensating balances; however, we are required to pay a fee of
approximately 0.60% per annum on the unused portion of the revolving portion of
our credit facility and certain other administrative costs.

     The Credit Facility contains financial covenants, including but not limited
to, requirements for maintaining certain net worth and other financial ratios,
and restrictions on disposing of any material assets, paying cash dividends or
repurchasing any of our outstanding common stock and incurring any additional
indebtedness in excess of $3 million. We are in compliance with all financial
covenants at September 30, 2006. Further, at all times during fiscal year 2004,
2005 and 2006 when we were required to determine compliance with our financial
covenants, we were in compliance with the covenants. Aside from the financial
covenants, no other provisions exist in the Credit Facility that could result in
acceleration of the April 1, 2008 maturity date.

     The Credit Facility also supports issuance, when required, of standby
letters of guarantee. At September 30, 2006, standby letters of guarantee in the
aggregate amount of approximately $0.5 million were outstanding.

     Future maturities of long-term debt are as follows (in thousands):

        FISCAL YEAR            AMOUNT
        -----------           --------
          2007                 $ 36,000
          2008                   28,000
          ----                 --------
                               $ 64,000
                               ========

NOTE 6 - INCOME TAXES

     Domestic and foreign income before income taxes for the three-year period
ended September 30, 2006 is as follows (in thousands):

                                Fiscal     Fiscal      Fiscal
                                 2006       2005        2004
                                ------    --------    -------
    Domestic income (loss)     $ 5,738    $    (45)  $  1,094
    Foreign income              86,098      25,653     11,308
                              --------    --------   --------
                              $ 91,836    $ 25,608   $ 12,402
                              ========    ========   ========

The provision (benefit) for domestic and foreign taxes on income consists
of the following (in thousands):

                                Fiscal     Fiscal    Fiscal
                                 2006       2005      2004
                                ------     ------    ------
    Current - domestic           $ 58    $(3,278)   $   277
    Deferred - domestic          (392)      (270)      (990)
    Current - foreign           6,688      2,205      6,578
    Deferred - foreign           (640)       940     (1,050)
                               ------    -------    -------
                               $5,714    $  (403)   $ 4,815
                               ======    =======    =======

35

The components of the deferred income tax assets (liabilities) as of
September 30, 2006 and 2005 are as follows (in thousands):

The $2.6 million of net operating loss carryforwards ("NOL's"), relates to
Australian NOL's which do not expire. In addition, $0.6 million of the $1.4
million of tax credit carryforwards do not expire, and $0.2 million expire in
2022. Management expects that the NOL's and tax credit carryforwards will be
utilized to offset tax obligations in future periods with the exception of $0.6
million of the tax credit carryforwards that will begin to expire in 2012. Thus,
a corresponding $0.6 million valuation allowance is recorded as of September 30,
2006. An analysis of the change in the valuation allowance during the current
fiscal year is as follows (in thousands):

Valuation Allowance as of September 30, 2005                  $ 510
          Foreign tax credit carryforwards generated            130
                                                              -----
Valuation Allowance as of September 30, 2006                  $ 640
                                                              =====

Under SFAS 123(R), $1.5 million of United States NOL's relates to windfall
tax benefits which will not be realized or recorded until the deduction
reduces our United States income taxes payable. At such time, the amount will
be recorded as an increase to paid-in-capital.  We apply the "with-and-without"
approach when utilizing certain tax attributes whereby windfall tax benefits
are used last to offset taxable income.

We do not record federal income taxes on the undistributed earnings of our
foreign subsidiaries that we consider to be permanently reinvested in foreign
operations. In addition, there was no cumulative amount of such undistributed
earnings and profits at September 30, 2006.

36

The differences between the United States statutory and our effective
income tax rate are as follows:

As a result of working in foreign jurisdictions, we earned a high level of
operating income earned in certain nontaxable and deemed profit tax
jurisdictions which significantly reduced our effective tax rate for the current
fiscal year when compared to the United States statutory rate. In addition, we
reversed a $1.8 million tax contingent liability during fiscal year 2006 due to
the expiration of the statute of limitations in a foreign jurisdiction. Also, we
were advised by a foreign tax authority that it had approved acceptance of
certain amended prior year tax returns. The acceptance of these amended tax
returns, along with the fiscal year 2005 tax return in this foreign
jurisdiction, resulted in the recognition of a $4.6 million tax benefit in the
third quarter of the current fiscal year.

     During the first quarter of fiscal year 2005, we received a $1.7 million
tax refund in Malaysia related to a previously reserved tax receivable. A $1.0
million deferred tax benefit was recognized in June 2005 due to the filing and
subsequent acceptance by the local tax authority, of amended prior year tax
returns. On December 1, 2005, we received notification from the United States
Department of Treasury that a previously reserved United States income tax
refund we had been pursuing for over two years had been approved for payment.
Based upon this approval, we reduced our income tax provision by the refund
amount of $3.3 million for the year ended September 30, 2005. Furthermore,
during fiscal year 2005, operating income earned in certain nontaxable and
deemed profit tax jurisdictions was higher when compared to the prior fiscal
year, including business interruption proceeds earned by the ATWOOD BEACON in a
zero tax jurisdiction for approximately three and a half months, which
contributed to our lower effective tax rate. As a result of these items, our
effective tax rate for fiscal year 2005 was significantly less when compared to
the prior fiscal year and the United States statutory rate.

NOTE 7 - CAPITAL STOCK

PREFERRED STOCK-

     In 1975, 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with no par value were
authorized. In October 2002, we designated Series A Junior Participating
Preferred Stock. No preferred shares have been issued.

COMMON STOCK-

     During the current fiscal year, our shareholders approved a proposal to
increase the authorized shares of our common stock from 20,000,000 shares to
50,000,000 shares.

     On March 2, 2006, the Board of Directors declared a two-for-one stock split
of our common stock effected in the form of a 100% common stock dividend. All
shareholders of record on March 24, 2006 received one additional share of common
stock for each share held on that date. The additional shares of common stock
were distributed in the form of a stock dividend on April 7, 2006. All share and
per share amounts in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements and related notes have been adjusted to reflect the stock split for
all periods presented.

     In October 2004, we sold in a public offering 2,350,000 shares of
our common stock at an effective net price (before expenses) of $22.92 for net
proceeds of approximately $53.6 million. We used these proceeds and cash on
hand to repay the $55 million outstanding as of September 30, 2004 under the
revolving portion of our Credit Facility.

37

RIGHTS AGREEMENT -

     In September 2002, we authorized and declared a dividend of one Right (as
defined in Rights Agreement effective October 18, 2002, which governs the
Rights) for each outstanding share of common stock as of November 5, 2002,
subject to lender approval and consent, which was obtained. One Right will also
be associated with each share of common stock that becomes outstanding after
November 5, 2002 but before the earliest of the Distribution Date, the
Redemption Date and the Final Expiration Date (as defined in Rights Agreement).
The Rights are not exercisable until a person or group of affiliated or
associated persons begin to acquire or acquires beneficial ownership of 15
percent or more of our outstanding common stock. This provision does not apply
to shareholders already holding 15 percent or more of our outstanding common
stock as of November 5, 2002 until they acquire an additional 5 percent.

     In connection with the March 2006 stock split, discussed above, and in
accordance with the Rights Agreement, we decreased from one one-thousandth to
one two-thousandth of a share the number of shares of our Series A Junior
Participating Preferred Stock, no par value, purchasable at a price of $150 upon
the exercise of each Right, when exercisable. The redemption price of the Rights
was also decreased from $0.01 to $0.005 in connection with the stock split. The
Rights are subject to further adjustment for certain future events including any
future stock splits. The Rights will expire on November 5, 2012. At September
30, 2006, 500,000 preferred shares have been reserved for issuance in the event
that Rights are exercised.

NOTE 8 - RETIREMENT PLANS

     We have two contributory retirement plans (the "Plans") under which
qualified participants may make contributions, which together with our
contributions, can be up to 100% of their compensation, as defined, to a maximum
of $40,000. Participants must contribute from 1 to 5 percent of their earnings
as a required contribution ("the basic contribution"). We make contributions to
the Plans equal to twice the basic contributions. After six consecutive months
of service, an employee can elect to become a participant in a Plan. Our
contributions vest 100% to each participant after three years of service with us
including any period of ineligibility mandated by the Plans. If a participant
terminates employment before becoming fully vested, the unvested portion is
credited to our account and can be used only to offset our future contribution
requirements. During fiscal years 2006 and 2005, no forfeitures were utilized to
reduce our cash contribution requirements while in fiscal year 2004, $120,000 of
forfeitures were utilized to reduce our cash contribution requirements. In
fiscal years 2006, 2005 and 2004, our actual cash contributions totaled
approximately $3.1 million, $2.7 million and $2.4 million, respectively. As of
September 30, 2006, there were approximately $0.1 million of contribution
forfeitures, which can be utilized to reduce our future cash contribution
requirements.

NOTE 9 - FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

     The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable,
accounts payable and accrued liabilities included in the accompanying
Consolidated Balance Sheets approximate fair value due to the short maturity of
these instruments. Since the Credit Facility (as described in Note 5) has a
market adjustable interest rate, the carrying value approximated fair value as
of September 30, 2006 and 2005.

NOTE 10 - CONCENTRATION OF MARKET AND CREDIT RISK

     All of our customers are in the oil and gas offshore exploration and
production industry. This industry concentration has the potential to impact our
overall exposure to market and credit risks, either positively or negatively, in
that our customers could be affected by similar changes in economic, industry or
other conditions. However, we believe that the credit risk posed by this
industry concentration is offset by the creditworthiness of our customer base.

38

Revenues from significant customers from the prior three fiscal years are
as follows (in thousands):

NOTE 11 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

OPERATING LEASES

     Future minimum lease payments for operating leases for fiscal years ending
September 30 are as follows (in thousands):

                        2007...................................1,916
                        2008...................................1,102
                        2009.....................................978
                        2010.....................................845
                        2011 and thereafter....................3,570

     Total rent expense under operating leases was approximately $3.5 million,
$1.8 million and $0.6 million for fiscal years ended September 30, 2006, 2005,
and 2004 respectively.

LITIGATION

     We are party to a number of lawsuits which are ordinary, routine litigation
incidental to our business, the outcome of which, individually, or in the
aggregate, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows.

NOTE 12 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

     In June 2006, the FASB issued FIN 48, "Accounting for Uncertainty in Income
Taxes - an Interpretation of FASB Statement 109." FIN 48 prescribes a
comprehensive model for recognizing, measuring, presenting, and disclosing
uncertain tax positions within the financial statements. The provisions of FIN
48 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2006. We are
currently evaluating the impact of the adoption of FIN 48 on our consolidated
financial position.

     In September 2005, the FASB issued SFAS No. 157, "Fair Value Measurements",
or SFAS No. 157, which defines fair value, establishes methods used to measure
fair value and expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements.
SFAS No. 157 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal year
beginning after November 15, 2007, and interim periods within those fiscal
periods. We are currently analyzing the provisions of SFAS No. 157 and
determining how it will affect accounting policies and procedures, but we have
not yet made a determination of the impact the adoption will have on our
consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

39

In September 2006, the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 108,
"Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements when Quantifying
Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements", or SAB 108, which provides
guidance on the consideration of the effects of prior year misstatements in
quantifying current year misstatements for the purpose of a materiality
assessment. SAB 108 requires that the materiality of the effect of a misstated
amount be evaluated on each financial statement and the related financial
statement disclosures, and that materiality evaluation be based on quantitative
and qualitative factors. SAB 108 is effective for fiscal years beginning after
November 15, 2006. We do not believe this guidance will have a material impact
on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

NOTE 13 - OPERATIONS BY GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

     We are engaged in offshore contract drilling. Our contract drilling
operations consist of contracting owned or managed offshore drilling equipment
primarily to major oil and gas exploration companies. Operating income is
contract revenues less operating costs, general and administrative expenses and
depreciation. In computing operating income (expense) for each geographic area,
other income (expense) and domestic and foreign income taxes were not
considered. Total assets are those assets that we use in operations in each
geographic area.

     A summary of revenues and operating margin for the fiscal years ended
September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 and identifiable assets by geographic areas as
of September 30, 2006, 2005 and 2004 is as follows (in thousands):

40

NOTE 14 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

     Summarized quarterly results for fiscal years 2006 and 2005 are as follows
(in thousands, except per share amounts):

- -----
(1) The sum of the individual quarterly net income per common share amounts may
    not agree with year-to-date net income per common share as each quarterly
    computation is based on the weighted average number of common shares
    outstanding during that period.
(2) Quarter ended December 31, 2005 and all fiscal year 2005 quarters have been
    restated to reflect a two-for-one stock split effected on March 2, 2006.
    See Note 7 for futher discussion.

                                   41

DIRECTORS                                 OFFICERS

DEBORAH A. BECK (2, 3, 4)                 JOHN R. IRWIN
  Corporate Executive, Retired              President, Chief Executive Officer
  Milwaukee, Wisconsin
                                          JAMES M. HOLLAND
ROBERT W. BURGESS (2, 3, 4)                 Senior Vice President, Chief
  Financial Executive, Retired              Financial Officer and Secretary
  Orleans, Massachusetts
                                          GLEN P. KELLEY
GEORGE S. DOTSON (1, 2, 3, 4)               Senior Vice President - Marketing
  Corporate Executive, Retired              and Administration
  Tulsa, Oklahoma

HANS HELMERICH (1, 4)
  President, Chief Executive Officer
  Helmerich & Payne, Inc.
  Tulsa, Oklahoma

JOHN R. IRWIN (1)
  President, Chief Executive Officer
  Atwood Oceanics, Inc.
  Houston, Texas

JAMES M. MONTAGUE (3,4)
  Corporate Executive, Retired
  Houston, Texas

WILLIAM J. MORRISSEY (2, 4)
  Bank Executive, Retired
  Elkhorn, Wisconsin

(1)  Executive Committee
(2)  Audit Committee
(3)  Compensation Committee
(4)  Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee

- -------------------------------------------

42

ANNUAL MEETING

     The annual meeting of stockholders will be held at 10:00 A.M., Central
Standard Time, on Thursday, February 8, 2007 at our principal office: 15835 Park
Ten Place Drive, Houston, Texas, 77084. A formal notice of the meeting together
with a proxy statement and form of proxy will be mailed to stockholders on or
about January 9, 2007.

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

    Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company
    2 Broadway
    New York, New York 10004

FORM 10-K

     A copy of our Form 10-K to which this Annual Report is an exhibit is filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is available free on request by
writing to:

    Secretary, Atwood Oceanics, Inc.
    P. O. Box 218350
    Houston, Texas 77218

We file our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly and current reports,
proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Our annual report on Form
10-K for the year ended September 30, 2006 includes as exhibits all required
Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 302 certifications by our CEO and CFO regarding the
quality of our public disclosure. Our SEC filings are available to the public
over the internet at the SEC's web site at http://www.sec.gov. Our website
address is www.atwd.com. We make available free of charge on or through our
website our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and
current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably
practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to,
the SEC. Information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this
report or made a part hereof for any purpose. You may also read and copy any
document we file, including our Form 10-K, at the SEC's Public Reference Room at
450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference rooms and copy
charges.

Each year, our CEO must certify to the NYSE that he is not aware of any
violations of NYSE corporate governance listing standards by us. Our CEO's
certification for fiscal year 2005 was submitted to the NYSE.

STOCK PRICE INFORMATION -

     The common stock of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. is traded on the New York Stock
Exchange ("NYSE") under the symbol "ATW". No cash dividends on common stock were
paid in fiscal year 2005 or 2006, and none are anticipated in the foreseeable
future. We have approximately 3,300 beneficial owners of our common stock based
upon information provided to us by a third party shareholder services provider
dated November 27, 2006. As of December 11, 2006, the closing sale price of the
common stock of Atwood Oceanics, Inc., as reported by NYSE, was $50.76 per
share. The following table sets forth the range of high and low sales prices per
share of common stock as reported by the NYSE for the periods indicated.

Fiscal                         Fiscal
                              2006                           2005
                         ------------------             ------------------
Quarters Ended            Low      High                  Low      High
- --------------          ------   ------                 -----     -----
December 31            $ 32.55   $ 42.75               $ 22.99  $ 26.99
March 31                 39.90     51.66                 23.53    35.63
June 30                  42.29     58.44                 25.07    34.95
September 30             39.86     50.64                 29.40    43.06

43

44

</EX-13>

<EX-21>
 4
 exh211.txt

EXHIBIT 21.1

                                   SUBSIDIARY COMPANIES AND STATE OR
                                     JURISDICTION OF INCORPORATION

UNITED STATES -
  Atwood Drilling, Inc.                                        Delaware                           100%
  Atwood Hunter Co.                                            Delaware                           100%
  Atwood Management, Inc.                                      Delaware                           100%
  Atwood Oceanics Management, LP                               Delaware                           100%
  ATW Management, Inc.                                         Delaware                           100%
  Atwood Deep Seas, Ltd.                                       Texas                              100%
  FOREIGN -
  Atwood Oceanics Drilling Pty. Ltd.                           Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Australia Pty Limited                        Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Platforms Pty. Ltd.                          Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Services Pty. Ltd.                           Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics West Tuna Pty. Ltd.                          Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Australia Superannuation Fund Pty. Ltd.      Australia                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Pacific Limited                              Cayman Islands, B.W.I.             100%
  Alpha Offshore Drilling Services                             Cayman Islands, B.W.I.             100%
  Atwood Oceanics International Ltd                            Cayman Islands, B.W.I.             100%
  Swiftdrill Offshore Drilling Services                        Cayman Islands, B.W.I.             100%
  Swiftdrill, Inc.                                             Cayman Islands, B.W.I.             100%
  Atwood Oceanics Leasing Limited                              Labuan                             100%
  Atwood Oceanics (M) Sdn Bhd                                  Malaysia                           100%
  Clearways Offshore Drilling Sdn. Bhd.                        Malaysia                            49%
  Drillquest (M) Sdn. Bhd.                                     Malaysia                           100%
  PT Alpha Offshore Drilling                                   Indonesia                          100%
  PT Pentawood Offshore Drilling                               Indonesia                           80%
  Aurora Offshore Services Gmbh                                Germany                            100%
  Swiftdrill Nigeria Limited                                   Nigeria                             60%
  Alpha Offshore Drilling (Cambodia) Ltd.                      Cambodia                           100%
  Alpha Offshore Drilling (S) Pte. Ltd.                        Singapore                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Services                                     Singapore                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics Malta Ltd.                                   Malta                              100%
  Atwood Offshore Drilling Limited                             Hong Kong                          100%
  Atwood Oceanics (NZ) Limited                                 New Zealand                        100%

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 exh231.txt

EXHIBIT 23.1

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (No. 33-52065; No. 333-74255 and No. 333-87786) and on
Form S-3 (No. 333-92388 and 333-117534) of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. of our report
dated December 12, 2006 relating to the consolidated financial statements,
management's assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting,
which appears in the Annual Report to Shareholders and which is incorporated in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

/S/ PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Houston, Texas
December 13, 2006

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 exh311.txt
 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 31.1

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, John R. Irwin, certify that:

         1.       I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Atwood
                  Oceanics, Inc.;

         2.       Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
                  statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
                  necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
                  circumstances under which such statements were made, not
                  misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

         3.       Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
                  financial information included in this report, fairly present
                  in all material respects the financial condition, results of
                  operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for,
                  the periods presented in this report;

         4.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are
                  responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
                  controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
                  13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
                  reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and
                  15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                  under our supervision, to ensure that material information
                  relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
                  subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
                  entities, particularly during the period in which this report
                  is being prepared;

                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during

the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
                  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that
                  has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

         5.       The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                  control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                  and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
                  (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                  the design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                  management or other employees who have a significant role in
                  the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 13, 2006

                  /S/ JOHN R. IRWIN
                  John R. Irwin
                  Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 exh312.txt
 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 31.2

                                 CERTIFICATIONS

I, James M. Holland, certify that:

       1.     I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Atwood
              Oceanics, Inc.;

       2.     Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
              statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
              necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
              circumstances under which such statements were made, not
              misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

       3.     Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
              financial information included in this report, fairly present in
              all material respects the financial condition, results of
              operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the
              periods presented in this report;

       4.     The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible
              for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
              procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and
              15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
              defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
              registrant and have:

                  (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or
                  caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed
                  under our supervision, to ensure that material information
                  relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
                  subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
                  entities, particularly during the period in which this report
                  is being prepared;

                  (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
                  or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
                  designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
                  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
                  the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
                  in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

                  (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
                  controls and procedures and presented in this report our
                  conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
                  and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
                  report based on such evaluation; and

                  (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's
                  internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
                  the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
                  fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that

has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
                  affect, the registrant's internal control over financial
                  reporting; and

       5.         The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have
                  disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal
                  control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
                  and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors
                  (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

                  (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in
                  the design or operation of internal control over financial
                  reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
                  registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
                  financial information; and

                  (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
                  management or other employees who have a significant role in
                  the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: December 13, 2006

                  /S/ JAMES M. HOLLAND
                  James M. Holland
                  Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 exh321.txt
 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (the "Company") on
Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2006, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, John R. Irwin,
Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to
the best of my knowledge:

    (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
         material respects, the financial condition and results of
         operations of the Company as of, and for the periods presented.

Date:    December 13, 2006              /S/ JOHN R. IRWIN
                                        John R. Irwin
                                        President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 9
 exh322.txt
 
                                                                   EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER
                       PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
                             AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
                  SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (the "Company") on
Form 10-K for the period ended September 30, 2006, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, James M. Holland,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350,
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to
the best of my knowledge:

    (1)  The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
         15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    (2)  The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
         material respects, the financial condition and results of
         operations of the Company as of, and for the periods presented.

Date:    December 13, 2006                         /s/ JAMES M. HOLLAND
                                                   James M. Holland
                                                   Senior Vice President and
                                                   Chief Financial Officer

</EX-32>

